---
subcategory: "App Runner"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_apprunner_observability_configuration"
description: |-
  Manages an App Runner Observability Configuration.
---

# Resource: awsApprunnerObservabilityConfiguration

Manages an App Runner Observability Configuration.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.apprunnerObservabilityConfiguration.ApprunnerObservabilityConfiguration(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    observabilityConfigurationName: "example",
    tags: {
      Name: "example-apprunner-observability-configuration",
    },
    traceConfiguration: {
      vendor: "AWSXRAY",
    },
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments supported:

* `observabilityConfigurationName` - (Required, Forces new resource) Name of the observability configuration.
* `traceConfiguration` - (Optional) Configuration of the tracing feature within this observability configuration. If you don't specify it, App Runner doesn't enable tracing. See [Trace Configuration](#trace-configuration) below for more details.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### Trace Configuration

The `traceConfiguration` block supports the following argument:

* `vendor` - (Required) Implementation provider chosen for tracing App Runner services. Valid values: `awsxray`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - ARN of this observability configuration.
* `observabilityConfigurationRevision` - The revision of this observability configuration.
* `latest` - Whether the observability configuration has the highest `observabilityConfigurationRevision` among all configurations that share the same `observabilityConfigurationName`.
* `status` - Current state of the observability configuration. An INACTIVE configuration revision has been deleted and can't be used. It is permanently removed some time after deletion.
* `tagsAll` - Map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

App Runner Observability Configuration can be imported by using the `arn`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_apprunner_observability_configuration.example "arn:aws:apprunner:us-east-1:1234567890:observabilityconfiguration/example/1/d75bc7ea55b71e724fe5c23452fe22a1
```
