---
subcategory: "AppStream 2.0"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_appstream_directory_config"
description: |-
  Provides an AppStream Directory Config
---

# Resource: awsAppstreamDirectoryConfig

Provides an AppStream Directory Config.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.appstreamDirectoryConfig.AppstreamDirectoryConfig(this, "example", {
  directoryName: "NAME OF DIRECTORY",
  organizationalUnitDistinguishedNames: ["DISTINGUISHED NAME"],
  serviceAccountCredentials: {
    accountName: "NAME OF ACCOUNT",
    accountPassword: "PASSWORD OF ACCOUNT",
  },
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `directoryName` - (Required) Fully qualified name of the directory.
* `organizationalUnitDistinguishedNames` - (Required) Distinguished names of the organizational units for computer accounts.
* `serviceAccountCredentials` - (Required) Configuration block for the name of the directory and organizational unit (OU) to use to join the directory config to a Microsoft Active Directory domain. See [`serviceAccountCredentials`](#service_account_credentials) below.

### `serviceAccountCredentials`

* `accountName` - (Required) User name of the account. This account must have the following privileges: create computer objects, join computers to the domain, and change/reset the password on descendant computer objects for the organizational units specified.
* `accountPassword` - (Required) Password for the account.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Unique identifier (ID) of the appstream directory config.
* `createdTime` -  Date and time, in UTC and extended RFC 3339 format, when the directory config was created.

## Import

`awsAppstreamDirectoryConfig` can be imported using the id, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_appstream_directory_config.example directoryNameExample
```
