---
subcategory: "CodeCommit"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_codecommit_trigger"
description: |-
  Provides a CodeCommit Trigger Resource.
---

# Resource: awsCodecommitTrigger

Provides a CodeCommit Trigger Resource.

\~> **NOTE:** Terraform currently can create only one trigger per repository, even if multiple aws\_codecommit\_trigger resources are defined. Moreover, creating triggers with Terraform will delete all other triggers in the repository (also manually-created triggers).

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const awsCodecommitRepositoryTest =
  new aws.codecommitRepository.CodecommitRepository(this, "test", {
    repositoryName: "test",
  });
const awsCodecommitTriggerTest = new aws.codecommitTrigger.CodecommitTrigger(
  this,
  "test_1",
  {
    repositoryName: awsCodecommitRepositoryTest.repositoryName,
    trigger: [
      {
        destinationArn: "${aws_sns_topic.test.arn}",
        events: ["all"],
        name: "all",
      },
    ],
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
awsCodecommitTriggerTest.overrideLogicalId("test");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `repositoryName` - (Required) The name for the repository. This needs to be less than 100 characters.
* `name` - (Required) The name of the trigger.
* `destinationArn` - (Required) The ARN of the resource that is the target for a trigger. For example, the ARN of a topic in Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS).
* `customData` - (Optional) Any custom data associated with the trigger that will be included in the information sent to the target of the trigger.
* `branches` - (Optional) The branches that will be included in the trigger configuration. If no branches are specified, the trigger will apply to all branches.
* `events` - (Required) The repository events that will cause the trigger to run actions in another service, such as sending a notification through Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS). If no events are specified, the trigger will run for all repository events. Event types include: `all`, `updateReference`, `createReference`, `deleteReference`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `configurationId` - System-generated unique identifier.
