---
subcategory: "VPC (Virtual Private Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_default_vpc"
description: |-
  Manage a default VPC resource.
---

# Resource: awsDefaultVpc

Provides a resource to manage the [default AWS VPC](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonVPC/latest/UserGuide/default-vpc.html)
in the current AWS Region.

If you created your AWS account after 2013-12-04 you have a default VPC in each AWS Region.

**This is an advanced resource** and has special caveats to be aware of when using it. Please read this document in its entirety before using this resource.

The `awsDefaultVpc` resource behaves differently from normal resources in that if a default VPC exists, Terraform does not *create* this resource, but instead "adopts" it into management.
If no default VPC exists, Terraform creates a new default VPC, which leads to the implicit creation of [other resources](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/default-vpc.html#default-vpc-components).
By default, `terraformDestroy` does not delete the default VPC but does remove the resource from Terraform state.
Set the `forceDestroy` argument to `true` to delete the default VPC.

## Example Usage

Basic usage with tags:

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.defaultVpc.DefaultVpc(this, "default", {
  tags: {
    Name: "Default VPC",
  },
});

```

## Argument Reference

The arguments of an `awsDefaultVpc` differ slightly from those of [`awsVpc`](vpc.html):

* The `cidrBlock` and `instanceTenancy` arguments become computed attributes
* The default value for `enableDnsHostnames` is `true`

The following additional arguments are supported:

* `forceDestroy` - (Optional) Whether destroying the resource deletes the default VPC. Default: `false`

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `cidrBlock` - The primary IPv4 CIDR block for the VPC
* `instanceTenancy` - The allowed tenancy of instances launched into the VPC

## Import

Default VPCs can be imported using the `vpcId`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_default_vpc.default vpc-a01106c2
```
