---
subcategory: "Device Farm"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_devicefarm_network_profile"
description: |-
  Provides a Devicefarm network profile
---

# Resource: awsDevicefarmNetworkProfile

Provides a resource to manage AWS Device Farm Network Profiles.
∂
\~> **NOTE:** AWS currently has limited regional support for Device Farm (e.g., `usWest2`). See [AWS Device Farm endpoints and quotas](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/devicefarm.html) for information on supported regions.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const awsDevicefarmProjectExample = new aws.devicefarmProject.DevicefarmProject(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    name: "example",
  }
);
const awsDevicefarmNetworkProfileExample =
  new aws.devicefarmNetworkProfile.DevicefarmNetworkProfile(this, "example_1", {
    name: "example",
    projectArn: awsDevicefarmProjectExample.arn,
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
awsDevicefarmNetworkProfileExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the network profile.
* `downlinkBandwidthBits` - (Optional) The data throughput rate in bits per second, as an integer from `0` to `104857600`. Default value is `104857600`.
* `downlinkDelayMs` - (Optional) Delay time for all packets to destination in milliseconds as an integer from `0` to `2000`.
* `downlinkJitterMs` - (Optional) Time variation in the delay of received packets in milliseconds as an integer from `0` to `2000`.
* `downlinkLossPercent` - (Optional) Proportion of received packets that fail to arrive from `0` to `100` percent.
* `name` - (Required) The name for the network profile.
* `uplinkBandwidthBits` - (Optional) The data throughput rate in bits per second, as an integer from `0` to `104857600`. Default value is `104857600`.
* `uplinkDelayMs` - (Optional) Delay time for all packets to destination in milliseconds as an integer from `0` to `2000`.
* `uplinkJitterMs` - (Optional) Time variation in the delay of received packets in milliseconds as an integer from `0` to `2000`.
* `uplinkLossPercent` - (Optional) Proportion of received packets that fail to arrive from `0` to `100` percent.
* `projectArn` - (Required) The ARN of the project for the network profile.
* `type` - (Optional) The type of network profile to create. Valid values are listed are `private` and `curated`.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name of this network profile.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

DeviceFarm Network Profiles can be imported by their arn:

```console
$ terraform import aws_devicefarm_network_profile.example arn:aws:devicefarm:us-west-2:123456789012:networkprofile:4fa784c7-ccb4-4dbf-ba4f-02198320daa1
```
