---
subcategory: "DMS (Database Migration)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_dms_certificate"
description: |-
  Provides a DMS (Data Migration Service) certificate resource.
---

# Resource: awsDmsCertificate

Provides a DMS (Data Migration Service) certificate resource. DMS certificates can be created, deleted, and imported.

\~> **Note:** All arguments including the PEM encoded certificate will be stored in the raw state as plain-text.
[Read more about sensitive data in state](https://www.terraform.io/docs/state/sensitive-data.html).

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dmsCertificate.DmsCertificate(this, "test", {
  certificateId: "test-dms-certificate-tf",
  certificatePem: "...",
  tags: {
    Name: "test",
  },
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `certificateId` - (Required) The certificate identifier.

    * Must contain from 1 to 255 alphanumeric characters and hyphens.

*   `certificatePem` - (Optional) The contents of the .pem X.509 certificate file for the certificate. Either `certificatePem` or `certificateWallet` must be set.

*   `certificateWallet` - (Optional) The contents of the Oracle Wallet certificate for use with SSL, provided as a base64-encoded String. Either `certificatePem` or `certificateWallet` must be set.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `certificateArn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the certificate.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

Certificates can be imported using the `certificateId`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_dms_certificate.test test-dms-certificate-tf
```
