---
subcategory: "DocDB (DocumentDB)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_docdb_cluster_instance"
description: |-
  Provides an DocDB Cluster Resource Instance
---

# Resource: awsDocdbClusterInstance

Provides an DocDB Cluster Resource Instance. A Cluster Instance Resource defines
attributes that are specific to a single instance in a [DocDB Cluster][1].

You do not designate a primary and subsequent replicas. Instead, you simply add DocDB
Instances and DocDB manages the replication. You can use the [count][3]
meta-parameter to make multiple instances and join them all to the same DocDB
Cluster, or you may specify different Cluster Instance resources with various
`instanceClass` sizes.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const awsDocdbClusterDefault = new aws.docdbCluster.DocdbCluster(
  this,
  "default",
  {
    availabilityZones: ["us-west-2a", "us-west-2b", "us-west-2c"],
    clusterIdentifier: "docdb-cluster-demo",
    masterPassword: "barbut8chars",
    masterUsername: "foo",
  }
);
const awsDocdbClusterInstanceClusterInstances =
  new aws.docdbClusterInstance.DocdbClusterInstance(this, "cluster_instances", {
    clusterIdentifier: awsDocdbClusterDefault.id,
    identifier: "docdb-cluster-demo-${count.index}",
    instanceClass: "db.r5.large",
  });
/*In most cases loops should be handled in the programming language context and 
not inside of the Terraform context. If you are looping over something external, e.g. a variable or a file input
you should consider using a for loop. If you are looping over something only known to Terraform, e.g. a result of a data source
you need to keep this like it is.*/
awsDocdbClusterInstanceClusterInstances.addOverride("count", 2);

```

## Argument Reference

For more detailed documentation about each argument, refer to
the [AWS official documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/docdb/create-db-instance.html).

The following arguments are supported:

* `applyImmediately` - (Optional) Specifies whether any database modifications
  are applied immediately, or during the next maintenance window. Default is`false`.
* `autoMinorVersionUpgrade` - (Optional) This parameter does not apply to Amazon DocumentDB. Amazon DocumentDB does not perform minor version upgrades regardless of the value set (see [docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/documentdb/latest/developerguide/API_DBInstance.html)). Default `true`.
* `availabilityZone` - (Optional, Computed) The EC2 Availability Zone that the DB instance is created in. See [docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/documentdb/latest/developerguide/API_CreateDBInstance.html) about the details.
* `clusterIdentifier` - (Required) The identifier of the [`awsDocdbCluster`](/docs/providers/aws/r/docdb_cluster.html) in which to launch this instance.
* `enablePerformanceInsights` - (Optional) A value that indicates whether to enable Performance Insights for the DB Instance. Default `false`. See \[docs] (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/documentdb/latest/developerguide/performance-insights.html) about the details.
* `engine` - (Optional) The name of the database engine to be used for the DocDB instance. Defaults to `docdb`. Valid Values: `docdb`.
* `identifier` - (Optional, Forces new resource) The identifier for the DocDB instance, if omitted, Terraform will assign a random, unique identifier.
* `identifierPrefix` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Creates a unique identifier beginning with the specified prefix. Conflicts with `identifier`.
* `instanceClass` - (Required) The instance class to use. For details on CPU and memory, see [Scaling for DocDB Instances][2]. DocDB currently
  supports the below instance classes. Please see [AWS Documentation][4] for complete details.
  * db.r5.large
  * db.r5.xlarge
  * db.r5.2xlarge
  * db.r5.4xlarge
  * db.r5.12xlarge
  * db.r5.24xlarge
  * db.r4.large
  * db.r4.xlarge
  * db.r4.2xlarge
  * db.r4.4xlarge
  * db.r4.8xlarge
  * db.r4.16xlarge
  * db.t3.medium
* `performanceInsightsKmsKeyId` - (Optional) The KMS key identifier is the key ARN, key ID, alias ARN, or alias name for the KMS key. If you do not specify a value for PerformanceInsightsKMSKeyId, then Amazon DocumentDB uses your default KMS key.
* `preferredMaintenanceWindow` - (Optional) The window to perform maintenance in.
  Syntax: "ddd:hh24:mi-ddd:hh24:mi". Eg: "Mon:00:00-Mon:03:00".
* `promotionTier` - (Optional) Default 0. Failover Priority setting on instance level. The reader who has lower tier has higher priority to get promoter to writer.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the instance. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of cluster instance
* `dbSubnetGroupName` - The DB subnet group to associate with this DB instance.
* `dbiResourceId` - The region-unique, immutable identifier for the DB instance.
* `endpoint` - The DNS address for this instance. May not be writable
* `engineVersion` - The database engine version
* `kmsKeyId` - The ARN for the KMS encryption key if one is set to the cluster.
* `port` - The database port
* `preferredBackupWindow` - The daily time range during which automated backups are created if automated backups are enabled.
* `storageEncrypted` - Specifies whether the DB cluster is encrypted.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).
* `writer` – Boolean indicating if this instance is writable. `false` indicates this instance is a read replica.
* `caCertIdentifier` - (Optional) The identifier of the CA certificate for the DB instance.

[1]: /docs/providers/aws/r/docdb_cluster.html

[2]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/documentdb/latest/developerguide/db-cluster-manage-performance.html#db-cluster-manage-scaling-instance

[3]: https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/meta-arguments/count.html

[4]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/documentdb/latest/developerguide/db-instance-classes.html#db-instance-class-specs

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `90M`)
  restoring from Snapshots
* `update` - (Default `90M`)
* `delete` - (Default `90M`)
  the time required to take snapshots

## Import

DocDB Cluster Instances can be imported using the `identifier`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_docdb_cluster_instance.prod_instance_1 aurora-cluster-instance-1
```
