---
subcategory: "Direct Connect"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_dx_connection"
description: |-
  Provides a Connection of Direct Connect.
---

# Resource: awsDxConnection

Provides a Connection of Direct Connect.

## Example Usage

### Create a connection

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dxConnection.DxConnection(this, "hoge", {
  bandwidth: "1Gbps",
  location: "EqDC2",
  name: "tf-dx-connection",
});

```

### Request a MACsec-capable connection

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dxConnection.DxConnection(this, "example", {
  bandwidth: "10Gbps",
  location: "EqDA2",
  name: "tf-dx-connection",
  requestMacsec: true,
});

```

### Configure encryption mode for MACsec-capable connections

\-> **NOTE:** You can only specify the `encryptionMode` argument once the connection is in an `available` state.

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dxConnection.DxConnection(this, "example", {
  bandwidth: "10Gbps",
  encryptionMode: "must_encrypt",
  location: "EqDC2",
  name: "tf-dx-connection",
  requestMacsec: true,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `bandwidth` - (Required) The bandwidth of the connection. Valid values for dedicated connections: 1Gbps, 10Gbps. Valid values for hosted connections: 50Mbps, 100Mbps, 200Mbps, 300Mbps, 400Mbps, 500Mbps, 1Gbps, 2Gbps, 5Gbps, 10Gbps and 100Gbps. Case sensitive.
* `encryptionMode` - (Optional) The connection MAC Security (MACsec) encryption mode. MAC Security (MACsec) is only available on dedicated connections. Valid values are `noEncrypt`, `shouldEncrypt`, and `mustEncrypt`.
* `location` - (Required) The AWS Direct Connect location where the connection is located. See [DescribeLocations](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directconnect/latest/APIReference/API_DescribeLocations.html) for the list of AWS Direct Connect locations. Use `locationCode`.
* `name` - (Required) The name of the connection.
* `providerName` - (Optional) The name of the service provider associated with the connection.
* `requestMacsec` - (Optional) Boolean value indicating whether you want the connection to support MAC Security (MACsec). MAC Security (MACsec) is only available on dedicated connections. See [MACsec prerequisites](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directconnect/latest/UserGuide/direct-connect-mac-sec-getting-started.html#mac-sec-prerequisites) for more information about MAC Security (MACsec) prerequisites. Default value: `false`.

\~> **NOTE:** Changing the value of `requestMacsec` will cause the resource to be destroyed and re-created.

* `skipDestroy` - (Optional) Set to true if you do not wish the connection to be deleted at destroy time, and instead just removed from the Terraform state.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - The ARN of the connection.
* `awsDevice` - The Direct Connect endpoint on which the physical connection terminates.
* `hasLogicalRedundancy` - Indicates whether the connection supports a secondary BGP peer in the same address family (IPv4/IPv6).
* `id` - The ID of the connection.
* `jumboFrameCapable` - Boolean value representing if jumbo frames have been enabled for this connection.
* `macsecCapable` - Boolean value indicating whether the connection supports MAC Security (MACsec).
* `ownerAccountId` - The ID of the AWS account that owns the connection.
* `portEncryptionStatus` - The MAC Security (MACsec) port link status of the connection.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).
* `vlanId` - The VLAN ID.

## Import

Direct Connect connections can be imported using the `connectionId`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_dx_connection.test_connection dxcon-ffre0ec3
```
