---
subcategory: "ECR (Elastic Container Registry)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ecr_repository"
description: |-
  Provides an Elastic Container Registry Repository.
---

# Resource: awsEcrRepository

Provides an Elastic Container Registry Repository.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.ecrRepository.EcrRepository(this, "foo", {
  imageScanningConfiguration: {
    scanOnPush: true,
  },
  imageTagMutability: "MUTABLE",
  name: "bar",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the repository.
* `encryptionConfiguration` - (Optional) Encryption configuration for the repository. See [below for schema](#encryption_configuration).
* `forceDelete` - (Optional) If `true`, will delete the repository even if it contains images.
  Defaults to `false`.
* `imageTagMutability` - (Optional) The tag mutability setting for the repository. Must be one of: `mutable` or `immutable`. Defaults to `mutable`.
* `imageScanningConfiguration` - (Optional) Configuration block that defines image scanning configuration for the repository. By default, image scanning must be manually triggered. See the [ECR User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/image-scanning.html) for more information about image scanning.
  * `scanOnPush` - (Required) Indicates whether images are scanned after being pushed to the repository (true) or not scanned (false).
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### encryptionConfiguration

* `encryptionType` - (Optional) The encryption type to use for the repository. Valid values are `aes256` or `kms`. Defaults to `aes256`.
* `kmsKey` - (Optional) The ARN of the KMS key to use when `encryptionType` is `kms`. If not specified, uses the default AWS managed key for ECR.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - Full ARN of the repository.
* `registryId` - The registry ID where the repository was created.
* `repositoryUrl` - The URL of the repository (in the form `awsAccountIdDkrEcrRegionAmazonawsCom/repositoryName`).
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `delete` - (Default `20M`)

## Import

ECR Repositories can be imported using the `name`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_ecr_repository.service test-service
```
