---
subcategory: "Glue"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_glue_dev_endpoint"
description: |-
  Provides a Glue Development Endpoint resource.
---

# Resource: awsGlueDevEndpoint

Provides a Glue Development Endpoint resource.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const dataAwsIamPolicyDocumentExample =
  new aws.dataAwsIamPolicyDocument.DataAwsIamPolicyDocument(this, "example", {
    statement: [
      {
        actions: ["sts:AssumeRole"],
        principals: [
          {
            identifiers: ["glue.amazonaws.com"],
            type: "Service",
          },
        ],
      },
    ],
  });
const awsIamRoleExample = new aws.iamRole.IamRole(this, "example_1", {
  assumeRolePolicy: dataAwsIamPolicyDocumentExample.json,
  name: "AWSGlueServiceRole-foo",
});
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
awsIamRoleExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
new aws.iamRolePolicyAttachment.IamRolePolicyAttachment(
  this,
  "example-AWSGlueServiceRole",
  {
    policyArn: "arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AWSGlueServiceRole",
    role: awsIamRoleExample.name,
  }
);
const awsGlueDevEndpointExample = new aws.glueDevEndpoint.GlueDevEndpoint(
  this,
  "example_3",
  {
    name: "foo",
    roleArn: awsIamRoleExample.arn,
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
awsGlueDevEndpointExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `arguments` - (Optional) A map of arguments used to configure the endpoint.
* `extraJarsS3Path` - (Optional) Path to one or more Java Jars in an S3 bucket that should be loaded in this endpoint.
* `extraPythonLibsS3Path` - (Optional) Path(s) to one or more Python libraries in an S3 bucket that should be loaded in this endpoint. Multiple values must be complete paths separated by a comma.
* `glueVersion` - (Optional) -  Specifies the versions of Python and Apache Spark to use. Defaults to AWS Glue version 0.9.
* `name` - (Required) The name of this endpoint. It must be unique in your account.
* `numberOfNodes` - (Optional) The number of AWS Glue Data Processing Units (DPUs) to allocate to this endpoint. Conflicts with `workerType`.
* `numberOfWorkers` - (Optional) The number of workers of a defined worker type that are allocated to this endpoint. This field is available only when you choose worker type G.1X or G.2X.
* `publicKey` - (Optional) The public key to be used by this endpoint for authentication.
* `publicKeys` - (Optional) A list of public keys to be used by this endpoint for authentication.
* `roleArn` - (Required) The IAM role for this endpoint.
* `securityConfiguration` - (Optional) The name of the Security Configuration structure to be used with this endpoint.
* `securityGroupIds` - (Optional) Security group IDs for the security groups to be used by this endpoint.
* `subnetId` - (Optional) The subnet ID for the new endpoint to use.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `workerType` - (Optional) The type of predefined worker that is allocated to this endpoint. Accepts a value of Standard, G.1X, or G.2X.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - The ARN of the endpoint.
* `name` - The name of the new endpoint.
* `privateAddress` - A private IP address to access the endpoint within a VPC, if this endpoint is created within one.
* `publicAddress` - The public IP address used by this endpoint. The PublicAddress field is present only when you create a non-VPC endpoint.
* `yarnEndpointAddress` - The YARN endpoint address used by this endpoint.
* `zeppelinRemoteSparkInterpreterPort` - The Apache Zeppelin port for the remote Apache Spark interpreter.
* `availabilityZone` - The AWS availability zone where this endpoint is located.
* `vpcId` - he ID of the VPC used by this endpoint.
* `status` - The current status of this endpoint.
* `failureReason` - The reason for a current failure in this endpoint.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

A Glue Development Endpoint can be imported using the `name`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_glue_dev_endpoint.example foo
```
