---
subcategory: "Glue"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_glue_catalog_database"
description: |-
  Provides a Glue Catalog Database.
---

# Resource: awsGlueCatalogDatabase

Provides a Glue Catalog Database Resource. You can refer to the [Glue Developer Guide](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/glue/latest/dg/populate-data-catalog.html) for a full explanation of the Glue Data Catalog functionality

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.glueCatalogDatabase.GlueCatalogDatabase(
  this,
  "aws_glue_catalog_database",
  {
    name: "MyCatalogDatabase",
  }
);

```

### Create Table Default Permissions

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.glueCatalogDatabase.GlueCatalogDatabase(
  this,
  "aws_glue_catalog_database",
  {
    createTableDefaultPermission: [
      {
        permissions: ["SELECT"],
        principal: {
          dataLakePrincipalIdentifier: "IAM_ALLOWED_PRINCIPALS",
        },
      },
    ],
    name: "MyCatalogDatabase",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `catalogId` - (Optional) ID of the Glue Catalog to create the database in. If omitted, this defaults to the AWS Account ID.
* `createTableDefaultPermission` - (Optional) Creates a set of default permissions on the table for principals. See [`createTableDefaultPermission`](#create_table_default_permission) below.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of the database.
* `locationUri` - (Optional) Location of the database (for example, an HDFS path).
* `name` - (Required) Name of the database. The acceptable characters are lowercase letters, numbers, and the underscore character.
* `parameters` - (Optional) List of key-value pairs that define parameters and properties of the database.
* `targetDatabase` - (Optional) Configuration block for a target database for resource linking. See [`targetDatabase`](#target_database) below.

### targetDatabase

* `catalogId` - (Required) ID of the Data Catalog in which the database resides.
* `databaseName` - (Required) Name of the catalog database.

### createTableDefaultPermission

* `permissions` - (Optional) The permissions that are granted to the principal.
* `principal` - (Optional) The principal who is granted permissions.. See [`principal`](#principal) below.

#### principal

* `dataLakePrincipalIdentifier` - (Optional) An identifier for the Lake Formation principal.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - ARN of the Glue Catalog Database.
* `id` - Catalog ID and name of the database

## Import

Glue Catalog Databases can be imported using the `catalogId:name`. If you have not set a Catalog ID specify the AWS Account ID that the database is in, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_glue_catalog_database.database 123456789012:my_database
```
