---
subcategory: "GuardDuty"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_guardduty_detector"
description: |-
  Provides a resource to manage a GuardDuty detector
---

# Resource: awsGuarddutyDetector

Provides a resource to manage a GuardDuty detector.

\~> **NOTE:** Deleting this resource is equivalent to "disabling" GuardDuty for an AWS region, which removes all existing findings. You can set the `enable` attribute to `false` to instead "suspend" monitoring and feedback reporting while keeping existing data. See the [Suspending or Disabling Amazon GuardDuty documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/guardduty/latest/ug/guardduty_suspend-disable.html) for more information.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.guarddutyDetector.GuarddutyDetector(this, "MyDetector", {
  datasources: {
    kubernetes: {
      auditLogs: {
        enable: false,
      },
    },
    malwareProtection: {
      scanEc2InstanceWithFindings: {
        ebsVolumes: {
          enable: true,
        },
      },
    },
    s3Logs: {
      enable: true,
    },
  },
  enable: true,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `enable` - (Optional) Enable monitoring and feedback reporting. Setting to `false` is equivalent to "suspending" GuardDuty. Defaults to `true`.
* `findingPublishingFrequency` - (Optional) Specifies the frequency of notifications sent for subsequent finding occurrences. If the detector is a GuardDuty member account, the value is determined by the GuardDuty primary account and cannot be modified, otherwise defaults to `SIX_HOURS`. For standalone and GuardDuty primary accounts, it must be configured in Terraform to enable drift detection. Valid values for standalone and primary accounts: `FIFTEEN_MINUTES`, `ONE_HOUR`, `SIX_HOURS`. See [AWS Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/guardduty/latest/ug/guardduty_findings_cloudwatch.html#guardduty_findings_cloudwatch_notification_frequency) for more information.
* `datasources` - (Optional) Describes which data sources will be enabled for the detector. See [Data Sources](#data-sources) below for more details.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### Data Sources

The `datasources` block supports the following:

* `s3Logs` - (Optional) Configures [S3 protection](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/guardduty/latest/ug/s3-protection.html).
  See [S3 Logs](#s3-logs) below for more details.
* `kubernetes` - (Optional) Configures [Kubernetes protection](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/guardduty/latest/ug/kubernetes-protection.html).
  See [Kubernetes](#kubernetes) and [Kubernetes Audit Logs](#kubernetes-audit-logs) below for more details.
* `malwareProtection` - (Optional) Configures [Malware Protection](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/guardduty/latest/ug/malware-protection.html).
  See [Malware Protection](#malware-protection), [Scan EC2 instance with findings](#scan-ec2-instance-with-findings) and [EBS volumes](#ebs-volumes) below for more details.

### S3 Logs

The `s3Logs` block supports the following:

* `enable` - (Required) If true, enables [S3 protection](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/guardduty/latest/ug/s3-protection.html).
  Defaults to `true`.

### Kubernetes

The `kubernetes` block supports the following:

* `auditLogs` - (Required) Configures Kubernetes audit logs as a data source for [Kubernetes protection](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/guardduty/latest/ug/kubernetes-protection.html).
  See [Kubernetes Audit Logs](#kubernetes-audit-logs) below for more details.

### Kubernetes Audit Logs

The `auditLogs` block supports the following:

* `enable` - (Required) If true, enables Kubernetes audit logs as a data source for [Kubernetes protection](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/guardduty/latest/ug/kubernetes-protection.html).
  Defaults to `true`.

### Malware Protection

`malwareProtection` block supports the following:

* `scanEc2InstanceWithFindings` - (Required) Configure whether [Malware Protection](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/guardduty/latest/ug/malware-protection.html) is enabled as data source for EC2 instances with findings for the detector.
  See [Scan EC2 instance with findings](#scan-ec2-instance-with-findings) below for more details.

#### Scan EC2 instance with findings

The `scanEc2InstanceWithFindings` block supports the following:

* `ebsVolumes` - (Required) Configure whether scanning EBS volumes is enabled as data source for the detector for instances with findings.
  See [EBS volumes](#ebs-volumes) below for more details.

#### EBS volumes

The `ebsVolumes` block supports the following:

* `enable` - (Required) If true, enables [Malware Protection](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/guardduty/latest/ug/malware-protection.html) as data source for the detector.
  Defaults to `true`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `accountId` - The AWS account ID of the GuardDuty detector
* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the GuardDuty detector
* `id` - The ID of the GuardDuty detector
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

GuardDuty detectors can be imported using the detector ID, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_guardduty_detector.MyDetector 00b00fd5aecc0ab60a708659477e9617
```
