---
subcategory: "Lex Model Building"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_lex_slot_type"
description: |-
  Provides details about a specific Amazon Lex Slot Type
---

# Resource: awsLexSlotType

Provides an Amazon Lex Slot Type resource. For more information see
[Amazon Lex: How It Works](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lex/latest/dg/how-it-works.html)

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.lexSlotType.LexSlotType(this, "flower_types", {
  createVersion: true,
  description: "Types of flowers to order",
  enumerationValue: [
    {
      synonyms: ["Lirium", "Martagon"],
      value: "lilies",
    },
    {
      synonyms: ["Eduardoregelia", "Podonix"],
      value: "tulips",
    },
  ],
  name: "FlowerTypes",
  valueSelectionStrategy: "ORIGINAL_VALUE",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `enumerationValue` - (Required) A list of EnumerationValue objects that defines the values that
  the slot type can take. Each value can have a list of synonyms, which are additional values that help
  train the machine learning model about the values that it resolves for a slot. Attributes are
  documented under [enumeration\_value](#enumeration_value).
* `name` - (Required) The name of the slot type. The name is not case sensitive. Must be less than or equal to 100 characters in length.
* `createVersion` - (Optional)
  Determines if a new slot type version is created when the initial resource is created and on each
  update. Defaults to `false`.
* `description` - (Optional) A description of the slot type. Must be less than or equal to 200 characters in length.
* `valueSelectionStrategy` - (Optional) Determines the slot resolution strategy that Amazon Lex
  uses to return slot type values. `ORIGINAL_VALUE` returns the value entered by the user if the user
  value is similar to the slot value. `TOP_RESOLUTION` returns the first value in the resolution list
  if there is a resolution list for the slot, otherwise null is returned. Defaults to `ORIGINAL_VALUE`.

### enumerationValue

Each slot type can have a set of values. Each enumeration value represents a value the slot type
can take.

For example, a pizza ordering bot could have a slot type that specifies the type of crust that the
pizza should have. The slot type could include the values: thick, thin, stuffed.

* `synonyms` - (Optional) Additional values related to the slot type value. Each item must be less than or equal to 140 characters in length.
* `value` - (Required) The value of the slot type. Must be less than or equal to 140 characters in length.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `1M`)
* `update` - (Default `1M`)
* `delete` - (Default `5M`)

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `checksum` - Checksum identifying the version of the slot type that was created. The checksum is
  not included as an argument because the resource will add it automatically when updating the slot type.
* `createdDate` - The date when the slot type version was created.
* `lastUpdatedDate` - The date when the `$latest` version of this slot type was updated.
* `version` - The version of the slot type.

## Import

Slot types can be imported using their name.

```console
$ terraform import aws_lex_slot_type.flower_types FlowerTypes
```
