---
subcategory: "Lightsail"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_lightsail_disk"
description: |-
  Provides a Lightsail Disk resource
---

# Resource: awsLightsailDisk

Provides a Lightsail Disk resource.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const dataAwsAvailabilityZonesAvailable =
  new aws.dataAwsAvailabilityZones.DataAwsAvailabilityZones(this, "available", {
    filter: [
      {
        name: "opt-in-status",
        values: ["opt-in-not-required"],
      },
    ],
    state: "available",
  });
new aws.lightsailDisk.LightsailDisk(this, "test", {
  availabilityZone: `\${${dataAwsAvailabilityZonesAvailable.names.fqn}[0]}`,
  name: "test",
  sizeInGb: 8,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Lightsail load balancer.
* `sizeInGb` - (Required) The instance port the load balancer will connect.
* `availabilityZone` - (Required) The Availability Zone in which to create your disk.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. To create a key-only tag, use an empty string as the value. If configured with a provider `defaultTags` configuration block present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The name of the disk  (matches `name`).
* `arn` - The ARN of the Lightsail load balancer.
* `createdAt` - The timestamp when the load balancer was created.
* `supportCode` - The support code for the disk. Include this code in your email to support when you have questions about a disk in Lightsail. This code enables our support team to look up your Lightsail information more easily.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

`awsLightsailDisk` can be imported by using the name attribute, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_lightsail_disk.test test
```
