---
subcategory: "Lightsail"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_lightsail_key_pair"
description: |-
  Provides an Lightsail Key Pair
---

# Resource: awsLightsailKeyPair

Provides a Lightsail Key Pair, for use with Lightsail Instances. These key pairs
are separate from EC2 Key Pairs, and must be created or imported for use with
Lightsail.

\~> **Note:** Lightsail is currently only supported in a limited number of AWS Regions, please see ["Regions and Availability Zones in Amazon Lightsail"](https://lightsail.aws.amazon.com/ls/docs/overview/article/understanding-regions-and-availability-zones-in-amazon-lightsail) for more details

## Example Usage

### Create New Key Pair

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.lightsailKeyPair.LightsailKeyPair(this, "lg_key_pair", {
  name: "lg_key_pair",
});

```

### Create New Key Pair with PGP Encrypted Private Key

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.lightsailKeyPair.LightsailKeyPair(this, "lg_key_pair", {
  name: "lg_key_pair",
  pgpKey: "keybase:keybaseusername",
});

```

### Existing Public Key Import

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.lightsailKeyPair.LightsailKeyPair(this, "lg_key_pair", {
  name: "importing",
  publicKey: '${file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")}',
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the Lightsail Key Pair. If omitted, a unique
  name will be generated by Terraform
* `pgpKey` – (Optional) An optional PGP key to encrypt the resulting private
  key material. Only used when creating a new key pair
* `publicKey` - (Required) The public key material. This public key will be
  imported into Lightsail

\~> **NOTE:** a PGP key is not required, however it is strongly encouraged.
Without a PGP key, the private key material will be stored in state unencrypted.
`pgpKey` is ignored if `publicKey` is supplied.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The name used for this key pair
* `arn` - The ARN of the Lightsail key pair
* `fingerprint` - The MD5 public key fingerprint as specified in section 4 of RFC 4716.
* `publicKey` - the public key, base64 encoded
* `privateKey` - the private key, base64 encoded. This is only populated
  when creating a new key, and when no `pgpKey` is provided
* `encryptedPrivateKey` – the private key material, base 64 encoded and
  encrypted with the given `pgpKey`. This is only populated when creating a new
  key and `pgpKey` is supplied
* `encryptedFingerprint` - The MD5 public key fingerprint for the encrypted
  private key

## Import

Lightsail Key Pairs cannot be imported, because the private and public key are
only available on initial creation.
