---
subcategory: "MemoryDB for Redis"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_memorydb_snapshot"
description: |-
  Provides a MemoryDB Snapshot.
---

# Resource: awsMemorydbSnapshot

Provides a MemoryDB Snapshot.

More information about snapshot and restore can be found in the [MemoryDB User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/memorydb/latest/devguide/snapshots.html).

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.memorydbSnapshot.MemorydbSnapshot(this, "example", {
  clusterName: "${aws_memorydb_cluster.example.name}",
  name: "my-snapshot",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `clusterName` - (Required, Forces new resource) Name of the MemoryDB cluster to take a snapshot of.
* `name` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Name of the snapshot. If omitted, Terraform will assign a random, unique name. Conflicts with `namePrefix`.
* `namePrefix` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Creates a unique name beginning with the specified prefix. Conflicts with `name`.
* `kmsKeyArn` - (Optional, Forces new resource) ARN of the KMS key used to encrypt the snapshot at rest.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The name of the snapshot.
* `arn` - The ARN of the snapshot.
* `clusterConfiguration` - The configuration of the cluster from which the snapshot was taken.
  * `description` - Description for the cluster.
  * `engineVersion` - Version number of the Redis engine used by the cluster.
  * `maintenanceWindow` - The weekly time range during which maintenance on the cluster is performed.
  * `name` - Name of the cluster.
  * `nodeType` - Compute and memory capacity of the nodes in the cluster.
  * `numShards` - Number of shards in the cluster.
  * `parameterGroupName` - Name of the parameter group associated with the cluster.
  * `port` - Port number on which the cluster accepts connections.
  * `snapshotRetentionLimit` - Number of days for which MemoryDB retains automatic snapshots before deleting them.
  * `snapshotWindow` - The daily time range (in UTC) during which MemoryDB begins taking a daily snapshot of the shard.
  * `subnetGroupName` - Name of the subnet group used by the cluster.
  * `topicArn` - ARN of the SNS topic to which cluster notifications are sent.
  * `vpcId` - The VPC in which the cluster exists.
* `source` - Indicates whether the snapshot is from an automatic backup (`automated`) or was created manually (`manual`).
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `120M`)
* `delete` - (Default `120M`)

## Import

Use the `name` to import a snapshot. For example:

```console
$ terraform import aws_memorydb_snapshot.example my-snapshot
```
