---
subcategory: "MemoryDB for Redis"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_memorydb_parameter_group"
description: |-
  Provides a MemoryDB Parameter Group.
---

# Resource: awsMemorydbParameterGroup

Provides a MemoryDB Parameter Group.

More information about parameter groups can be found in the [MemoryDB User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/memorydb/latest/devguide/parametergroups.html).

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.memorydbParameterGroup.MemorydbParameterGroup(this, "example", {
  family: "memorydb_redis6",
  name: "my-parameter-group",
  parameter: [
    {
      name: "activedefrag",
      value: "yes",
    },
  ],
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `family` - (Required, Forces new resource) The engine version that the parameter group can be used with.

The following arguments are optional:

* `name` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Name of the parameter group. If omitted, Terraform will assign a random, unique name. Conflicts with `namePrefix`.
* `namePrefix` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Creates a unique name beginning with the specified prefix. Conflicts with `name`.
* `description` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Description for the parameter group. Defaults to `"managedByTerraform"`.
* `parameter` - (Optional) Set of MemoryDB parameters to apply. Any parameters not specified will fall back to their family defaults. Detailed below.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### parameter Configuration Block

* `name` - (Required) The name of the parameter.
* `value` - (Required) The value of the parameter.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Same as `name`.
* `arn` - The ARN of the parameter group.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

Use the `name` to import a parameter group. For example:

```console
$ terraform import aws_memorydb_parameter_group.example my-parameter-group
```
