---
subcategory: "Managed Streaming for Kafka"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_msk_serverless_cluster"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an Amazon MSK Serverless cluster.
---

# Resource: awsMskServerlessCluster

Manages an Amazon MSK Serverless cluster.

\-> **Note:** To manage a *provisioned* Amazon MSK cluster, use the [`awsMskCluster`](/docs/providers/aws/r/msk_cluster.html) resource.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.mskServerlessCluster.MskServerlessCluster(this, "example", {
  clientAuthentication: {
    sasl: {
      iam: {
        enabled: true,
      },
    },
  },
  clusterName: "Example",
  vpcConfig: [
    {
      securityGroupIds: ["${aws_security_group.example.id}"],
      subnetIds: "${aws_subnet.example[*].id}",
    },
  ],
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `clientAuthentication` - (Required) Specifies client authentication information for the serverless cluster. See below.
* `clusterName` - (Required) The name of the serverless cluster.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `vpcConfig` - (Required) VPC configuration information. See below.

### client\_authentication Argument Reference

* `sasl` - (Required) Details for client authentication using SASL. See below.

### sasl Argument Reference

* `iam` - (Required) Details for client authentication using IAM. See below.

### iam Argument Reference

* `enabled` - (Required) Whether SASL/IAM authentication is enabled or not.

### vpc\_config Argument Reference

* `securityGroupIds` - (Optional) Specifies up to five security groups that control inbound and outbound traffic for the serverless cluster.
* `subnetIds` - (Required) A list of subnets in at least two different Availability Zones that host your client applications.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - The ARN of the serverless cluster.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `120M`)
* `delete` - (Default `120M`)

## Import

MSK serverless clusters can be imported using the cluster `arn`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_msk_serverless_cluster.example arn:aws:kafka:us-west-2:123456789012:cluster/example/279c0212-d057-4dba-9aa9-1c4e5a25bfc7-3
```
