---
subcategory: "Neptune"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_neptune_cluster_parameter_group"
description: |-
  Manages a Neptune Cluster Parameter Group
---

# Resource: awsNeptuneClusterParameterGroup

Manages a Neptune Cluster Parameter Group

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.neptuneClusterParameterGroup.NeptuneClusterParameterGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    description: "neptune cluster parameter group",
    family: "neptune1",
    name: "example",
    parameter: [
      {
        name: "neptune_enable_audit_log",
        value: 1,
      },
    ],
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Optional, Forces new resource) The name of the neptune cluster parameter group. If omitted, Terraform will assign a random, unique name.
* `namePrefix` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Creates a unique name beginning with the specified prefix. Conflicts with `name`.
* `family` - (Required) The family of the neptune cluster parameter group.
* `description` - (Optional) The description of the neptune cluster parameter group. Defaults to "Managed by Terraform".
* `parameter` - (Optional) A list of neptune parameters to apply.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

Parameter blocks support the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the neptune parameter.
* `value` - (Required) The value of the neptune parameter.
* `applyMethod` - (Optional) Valid values are `immediate` and `pendingReboot`. Defaults to `pendingReboot`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The neptune cluster parameter group name.
* `arn` - The ARN of the neptune cluster parameter group.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

Neptune Cluster Parameter Groups can be imported using the `name`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_neptune_cluster_parameter_group.cluster_pg production-pg-1
```
