---
subcategory: "EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_placement_group"
description: |-
  Provides an EC2 placement group.
---

# Resource: awsPlacementGroup

Provides an EC2 placement group. Read more about placement groups
in [AWS Docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/placement-groups.html).

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.placementGroup.PlacementGroup(this, "web", {
  name: "hunky-dory-pg",
  strategy: "cluster",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the placement group.
* `partitionCount` - (Optional) The number of partitions to create in the
  placement group.  Can only be specified when the `strategy` is set to
  `partition`.  Valid values are 1 - 7 (default is `2`).
* `spreadLevel` - (Optional) Determines how placement groups spread instances. Can only be used
  when the `strategy` is set to `spread`. Can be `host` or `rack`. `host` can only be used for Outpost placement groups. Defaults to `rack`.
* `strategy` - (Required) The placement strategy. Can be `cluster`, `partition` or `spread`.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the placement group.
* `id` - The name of the placement group.
* `placementGroupId` - The ID of the placement group.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

Placement groups can be imported using the `name`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_placement_group.prod_pg production-placement-group
```
