---
subcategory: "RAM (Resource Access Manager)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ram_resource_share"
description: |-
  Manages a Resource Access Manager (RAM) Resource Share.
---

# Resource: awsRamResourceShare

Manages a Resource Access Manager (RAM) Resource Share. To associate principals with the share, see the [`awsRamPrincipalAssociation` resource](/docs/providers/aws/r/ram_principal_association.html). To associate resources with the share, see the [`awsRamResourceAssociation` resource](/docs/providers/aws/r/ram_resource_association.html).

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.ramResourceShare.RamResourceShare(this, "example", {
  allowExternalPrincipals: true,
  name: "example",
  tags: {
    Environment: "Production",
  },
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the resource share.
* `allowExternalPrincipals` - (Optional) Indicates whether principals outside your organization can be associated with a resource share.
* `permissionArns` - (Optional) Specifies the Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the RAM permission to associate with the resource share. If you do not specify an ARN for the permission, RAM automatically attaches the default version of the permission for each resource type. You can associate only one permission with each resource type included in the resource share.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource share. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource share.
* `id` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource share.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

Resource shares can be imported using the `arn` of the resource share, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_ram_resource_share.example arn:aws:ram:eu-west-1:123456789012:resource-share/73da1ab9-b94a-4ba3-8eb4-45917f7f4b12
```
