---
subcategory: "Route 53 Resolver"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_route53_resolver_query_log_config"
description: |-
  Provides a Route 53 Resolver query logging configuration resource.
---

# Resource: awsRoute53ResolverQueryLogConfig

Provides a Route 53 Resolver query logging configuration resource.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.route53ResolverQueryLogConfig.Route53ResolverQueryLogConfig(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    destinationArn: "${aws_s3_bucket.example.arn}",
    name: "example",
    tags: {
      Environment: "Prod",
    },
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `destinationArn` - (Required) The ARN of the resource that you want Route 53 Resolver to send query logs.
  You can send query logs to an [S3 bucket](s3_bucket.html), a [CloudWatch Logs log group](cloudwatch_log_group.html), or a [Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream](kinesis_firehose_delivery_stream.html).
* `name` - (Required) The name of the Route 53 Resolver query logging configuration.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Route 53 Resolver query logging configuration.
* `arn` - The ARN (Amazon Resource Name) of the Route 53 Resolver query logging configuration.
* `ownerId` - The AWS account ID of the account that created the query logging configuration.
* `shareStatus` - An indication of whether the query logging configuration is shared with other AWS accounts, or was shared with the current account by another AWS account.
  Sharing is configured through AWS Resource Access Manager (AWS RAM).
  Values are `NOT_SHARED`, `SHARED_BY_ME` or `SHARED_WITH_ME`
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

Route 53 Resolver query logging configurations can be imported using the Route 53 Resolver query logging configuration ID, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_route53_resolver_query_log_config.example rqlc-92edc3b1838248bf
```
