---
subcategory: "S3 Control"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_s3control_bucket_lifecycle_configuration"
description: |-
  Manages an S3 Control Bucket Lifecycle Configuration.
---

# Resource: awsS3ControlBucketLifecycleConfiguration

Provides a resource to manage an S3 Control Bucket Lifecycle Configuration.

\~> **NOTE:** Each S3 Control Bucket can only have one Lifecycle Configuration. Using multiple of this resource against the same S3 Control Bucket will result in perpetual differences each Terraform run.

\-> This functionality is for managing [S3 on Outposts](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/S3onOutposts.html). To manage S3 Bucket Lifecycle Configurations in an AWS Partition, see the [`awsS3Bucket` resource](/docs/providers/aws/r/s3_bucket.html).

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.s3ControlBucketLifecycleConfiguration.S3ControlBucketLifecycleConfiguration(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    bucket: "${aws_s3control_bucket.example.arn}",
    rule: [
      {
        expiration: {
          days: 365,
        },
        filter: {
          prefix: "logs/",
        },
        id: "logs",
      },
      {
        expiration: {
          days: 7,
        },
        filter: {
          prefix: "temp/",
        },
        id: "temp",
      },
    ],
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `bucket` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the bucket.
* `rule` - (Required) Configuration block(s) containing lifecycle rules for the bucket.
  * `abortIncompleteMultipartUpload` - (Optional) Configuration block containing settings for abort incomplete multipart upload.
    * `daysAfterInitiation` - (Required) Number of days after which Amazon S3 aborts an incomplete multipart upload.
  * `expiration` - (Optional) Configuration block containing settings for expiration of objects.
    * `date` - (Optional) Date the object is to be deleted. Should be in `yyyyMmDd` date format, e.g., `20200930`.
    * `days` - (Optional) Number of days before the object is to be deleted.
    * `expiredObjectDeleteMarker` - (Optional) Enable to remove a delete marker with no noncurrent versions. Cannot be specified with `date` or `days`.
  * `filter` - (Optional) Configuration block containing settings for filtering.
    * `prefix` - (Optional) Object prefix for rule filtering.
    * `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of object tags for rule filtering.
  * `id` - (Required) Unique identifier for the rule.
  * `status` - (Optional) Status of the rule. Valid values: `enabled` and `disabled`. Defaults to `enabled`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the bucket.

## Import

S3 Control Bucket Lifecycle Configurations can be imported using the Amazon Resource Name (ARN), e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_s3control_bucket_lifecycle_configuration.example arn:aws:s3-outposts:us-east-1:123456789012:outpost/op-12345678/bucket/example
```
