---
subcategory: "EventBridge Scheduler"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_scheduler_schedule_group"
description: |-
  Provides an EventBridge Scheduler Schedule Group resource.
---

# Resource: awsSchedulerScheduleGroup

Provides an EventBridge Scheduler Schedule Group resource.

You can find out more about EventBridge Scheduler in the [User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/scheduler/latest/UserGuide/what-is-scheduler.html).

\~> **Note:** EventBridge was formerly known as CloudWatch Events. The functionality is identical.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.schedulerScheduleGroup.SchedulerScheduleGroup(this, "example", {
  name: "my-schedule-group",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are optional:

* `name` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Name of the schedule group. If omitted, Terraform will assign a random, unique name. Conflicts with `namePrefix`.
* `namePrefix` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Creates a unique name beginning with the specified prefix. Conflicts with `name`.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value mapping of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](/docs/providers/aws/index.html#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Name of the schedule group.
* `arn` - ARN of the schedule group.
* `creationDate` - Time at which the schedule group was created.
* `lastModificationDate` - Time at which the schedule group was last modified.
* `state` - State of the schedule group. Can be `active` or `deleting`.
* `tagsAll` - Map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](/docs/providers/aws/index.html#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `5M`)
* `delete` - (Default `5M`)

## Import

Schedule groups can be imported using the `name`. For example:

```console
$ terraform import aws_scheduler_schedule_group.example my-schedule-group
```
