---
subcategory: "SES (Simple Email)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ses_receipt_rule"
description: |-
  Provides an SES receipt rule resource
---

# Resource: awsSesReceiptRule

Provides an SES receipt rule resource

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.sesReceiptRule.SesReceiptRule(this, "store", {
  addHeaderAction: [
    {
      headerName: "Custom-Header",
      headerValue: "Added by SES",
      position: 1,
    },
  ],
  enabled: true,
  name: "store",
  recipients: ["karen@example.com"],
  ruleSetName: "default-rule-set",
  s3Action: [
    {
      bucketName: "emails",
      position: 2,
    },
  ],
  scanEnabled: true,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the rule
* `ruleSetName` - (Required) The name of the rule set
* `after` - (Optional) The name of the rule to place this rule after
* `enabled` - (Optional) If true, the rule will be enabled
* `recipients` - (Optional) A list of email addresses
* `scanEnabled` - (Optional) If true, incoming emails will be scanned for spam and viruses
* `tlsPolicy` - (Optional) `require` or `optional`
* `addHeaderAction` - (Optional) A list of Add Header Action blocks. Documented below.
* `bounceAction` - (Optional) A list of Bounce Action blocks. Documented below.
* `lambdaAction` - (Optional) A list of Lambda Action blocks. Documented below.
* `s3Action` - (Optional) A list of S3 Action blocks. Documented below.
* `snsAction` - (Optional) A list of SNS Action blocks. Documented below.
* `stopAction` - (Optional) A list of Stop Action blocks. Documented below.
* `workmailAction` - (Optional) A list of WorkMail Action blocks. Documented below.

Add header actions support the following:

* `headerName` - (Required) The name of the header to add
* `headerValue` - (Required) The value of the header to add
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule

Bounce actions support the following:

* `message` - (Required) The message to send
* `sender` - (Required) The email address of the sender
* `smtpReplyCode` - (Required) The RFC 5321 SMTP reply code
* `statusCode` - (Optional) The RFC 3463 SMTP enhanced status code
* `topicArn` - (Optional) The ARN of an SNS topic to notify
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule

Lambda actions support the following:

* `functionArn` - (Required) The ARN of the Lambda function to invoke
* `invocationType` - (Optional) `event` or `requestResponse`
* `topicArn` - (Optional) The ARN of an SNS topic to notify
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule

S3 actions support the following:

* `bucketName` - (Required) The name of the S3 bucket
* `kmsKeyArn` - (Optional) The ARN of the KMS key
* `objectKeyPrefix` - (Optional) The key prefix of the S3 bucket
* `topicArn` - (Optional) The ARN of an SNS topic to notify
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule

SNS actions support the following:

* `topicArn` - (Required) The ARN of an SNS topic to notify
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule
* `encoding` - (Optional) The encoding to use for the email within the Amazon SNS notification. Default value is `utf8`.

Stop actions support the following:

* `scope` - (Required) The scope to apply. The only acceptable value is `ruleSet`.
* `topicArn` - (Optional) The ARN of an SNS topic to notify
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule

WorkMail actions support the following:

* `organizationArn` - (Required) The ARN of the WorkMail organization
* `topicArn` - (Optional) The ARN of an SNS topic to notify
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The SES receipt rule name.
* `arn` - The SES receipt rule ARN.

## Import

SES receipt rules can be imported using the ruleset name and rule name separated by `:`.

```console
$ terraform import aws_ses_receipt_rule.my_rule my_rule_set:my_rule
```
