---
subcategory: "Signer"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_signer_signing_profile"
description: |-
  Creates a Signer Signing Profile.
---

# Resource: awsSignerSigningProfile

Creates a Signer Signing Profile. A signing profile contains information about the code signing configuration parameters that can be used by a given code signing user.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.signerSigningProfile.SignerSigningProfile(this, "prod_sp", {
  namePrefix: "prod_sp_",
  platformId: "AWSLambda-SHA384-ECDSA",
  signatureValidityPeriod: {
    type: "YEARS",
    value: 5,
  },
  tags: {
    tag1: "value1",
    tag2: "value2",
  },
});
new aws.signerSigningProfile.SignerSigningProfile(this, "test_sp", {
  platformId: "AWSLambda-SHA384-ECDSA",
});

```

## Argument Reference

* `platformId` - (Required) The ID of the platform that is used by the target signing profile.
* `name` - (Optional) A unique signing profile name. By default generated by Terraform. Signing profile names are immutable and cannot be reused after canceled.
* `namePrefix` - (Optional) A signing profile name prefix. Terraform will generate a unique suffix. Conflicts with `name`.
* `signatureValidityPeriod` - (Optional) The validity period for a signing job.
* `tags` - (Optional) A list of tags associated with the signing profile. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the signing profile.
* `name` - The name of the target signing profile.
* `platformDisplayName` - A human-readable name for the signing platform associated with the signing profile.
* `revocationRecord` - Revocation information for a signing profile.
* `status` - The status of the target signing profile.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).
* `version` - The current version of the signing profile.
* `versionArn` - The signing profile ARN, including the profile version.

## Import

Signer signing profiles can be imported using the `name`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_signer_signing_profile.test_signer_signing_profile test_sp_DdW3Mk1foYL88fajut4mTVFGpuwfd4ACO6ANL0D1uIj7lrn8adK
```
