---
subcategory: "VPC IPAM (IP Address Manager)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_vpc_ipam_resource_discovery_association"
description: |-
  Provides an IPAM Resource Discovery Association resource.
---

# Resource: awsVpcIpamResourceDiscoveryAssociation

Provides an association between an Amazon IP Address Manager (IPAM) and a IPAM Resource Discovery. IPAM Resource Discoveries are resources meant for multi-organization customers. If you wish to use a single IPAM across multiple orgs, a resource discovery can be created and shared from a subordinate organization to the management organizations IPAM delegated admin account.

Once an association is created between two organizations via IPAM & a IPAM Resource Discovery, IPAM Pools can be shared via Resource Access Manager (RAM) to accounts in the subordinate organization; these RAM shares must be accepted by the end user account. Pools can then also discover and monitor IPAM resources in the subordinate organization.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.vpcIpamResourceDiscoveryAssociation.VpcIpamResourceDiscoveryAssociation(
  this,
  "test",
  {
    ipamId: "${aws_vpc_ipam.test.id}",
    ipamResourceDiscoveryId: "${aws_vpc_ipam_resource_discovery.test.id}",
    tags: {
      Name: "test",
    },
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ipamId` - (Required) The ID of the IPAM to associate.
* `ipamResourceDiscoveryId` - (Required) The ID of the Resource Discovery to associate.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to add to the IPAM resource discovery association resource.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of IPAM Resource Discovery Association.
* `id` - The ID of the IPAM Resource Discovery Association.
* `ownerId` - The account ID for the account that manages the Resource Discovery
* `ipamArn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IPAM.
* `ipamRegion` - The home region of the IPAM.
* `isDefault` - A boolean to identify if the Resource Discovery is the accounts default resource discovery.
* `state` - The lifecycle state of the association when you associate or disassociate a resource discovery.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

IPAMs can be imported using the `ipamResourceDiscoveryAssociationId`, e.g.

```console
$ terraform import aws_vpc_ipam_resource_discovery_association.example ipam-res-disco-assoc-0178368ad2146a492
```
