---
subcategory: "VPC (Virtual Private Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_vpc_endpoint_security_group_association"
description: |-
  Provides a resource to create an association between a VPC endpoint and a security group.
---

# Resource: awsVpcEndpointSecurityGroupAssociation

Provides a resource to create an association between a VPC endpoint and a security group.

\~> **NOTE on VPC Endpoints and VPC Endpoint Security Group Associations:** Terraform provides
both a standalone VPC Endpoint Security Group Association (an association between a VPC endpoint
and a single `securityGroupId`) and a [VPC Endpoint](vpc_endpoint.html) resource with a `securityGroupIds`
attribute. Do not use the same security group ID in both a VPC Endpoint resource and a VPC Endpoint Security
Group Association resource. Doing so will cause a conflict of associations and will overwrite the association.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.vpcEndpointSecurityGroupAssociation.VpcEndpointSecurityGroupAssociation(
  this,
  "sg_ec2",
  {
    securityGroupId: "${aws_security_group.sg.id}",
    vpcEndpointId: "${aws_vpc_endpoint.ec2.id}",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `securityGroupId` - (Required) The ID of the security group to be associated with the VPC endpoint.
* `vpcEndpointId` - (Required) The ID of the VPC endpoint with which the security group will be associated.
* `replaceDefaultAssociation` - (Optional) Whether this association should replace the association with the VPC's default security group that is created when no security groups are specified during VPC endpoint creation. At most 1 association per-VPC endpoint should be configured with `replaceDefaultAssociation =True`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the association.
