---
subcategory: "VPC (Virtual Private Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_vpc_ipv6_cidr_block_association"
description: |-
  Associate additional IPv6 CIDR blocks with a VPC
---

# Resource: awsVpcIpv6CidrBlockAssociation

Provides a resource to associate additional IPv6 CIDR blocks with a VPC.

The `awsVpcIpv6CidrBlockAssociation` resource allows IPv6 CIDR blocks to be added to the VPC.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const awsVpcTest = new aws.vpc.Vpc(this, "test", {
  cidrBlock: "10.0.0.0/16",
});
const awsVpcIpv6CidrBlockAssociationTest =
  new aws.vpcIpv6CidrBlockAssociation.VpcIpv6CidrBlockAssociation(
    this,
    "test_1",
    {
      ipv6IpamPoolId: "${aws_vpc_ipam_pool.test.id}",
      vpcId: awsVpcTest.id,
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
awsVpcIpv6CidrBlockAssociationTest.overrideLogicalId("test");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ipv6CidrBlock` - (Optional) The IPv6 CIDR block for the VPC. CIDR can be explicitly set or it can be derived from IPAM using `ipv6NetmaskLength`. This parameter is required if `ipv6NetmaskLength` is not set and he IPAM pool does not have `allocationDefaultNetmask` set.
* `ipv6IpamPoolId` - (Required) The ID of an IPv6 IPAM pool you want to use for allocating this VPC's CIDR. IPAM is a VPC feature that you can use to automate your IP address management workflows including assigning, tracking, troubleshooting, and auditing IP addresses across AWS Regions and accounts.
* `ipv6NetmaskLength` - (Optional) The netmask length of the IPv6 CIDR you want to allocate to this VPC. Requires specifying a `ipv6IpamPoolId`. This parameter is optional if the IPAM pool has `allocationDefaultNetmask` set, otherwise it or `cidrBlock` are required
* `vpcId` - (Required) The ID of the VPC to make the association with.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `10M`)
* `delete` - (Default `10M`)

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the VPC CIDR association

## Import

`awsVpcIpv6CidrBlockAssociation` can be imported by using the VPC CIDR Association ID, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_vpc_ipv6_cidr_block_association.example vpc-cidr-assoc-xxxxxxxx
```
