---
subcategory: "WAF Classic"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_waf_sql_injection_match_set"
description: |-
  Provides a AWS WAF SQL Injection Match Set resource.
---

# Resource: awsWafSqlInjectionMatchSet

Provides a WAF SQL Injection Match Set Resource

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.wafSqlInjectionMatchSet.WafSqlInjectionMatchSet(
  this,
  "sql_injection_match_set",
  {
    name: "tf-sql_injection_match_set",
    sqlInjectionMatchTuples: [
      {
        fieldToMatch: {
          type: "QUERY_STRING",
        },
        textTransformation: "URL_DECODE",
      },
    ],
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name or description of the SQL Injection Match Set.
* `sqlInjectionMatchTuples` - (Optional) The parts of web requests that you want AWS WAF to inspect for malicious SQL code and, if you want AWS WAF to inspect a header, the name of the header.

## Nested Blocks

### `sqlInjectionMatchTuples`

* `fieldToMatch` - (Required) Specifies where in a web request to look for snippets of malicious SQL code.
* `textTransformation` - (Required) Text transformations used to eliminate unusual formatting that attackers use in web requests in an effort to bypass AWS WAF.
  If you specify a transformation, AWS WAF performs the transformation on `fieldToMatch` before inspecting a request for a match.
  e.g., `CMD_LINE`, `HTML_ENTITY_DECODE` or `none`.
  See [docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/APIReference/API_SqlInjectionMatchTuple.html#WAF-Type-SqlInjectionMatchTuple-TextTransformation)
  for all supported values.

### `fieldToMatch`

#### Arguments

* `data` - (Optional) When `type` is `header`, enter the name of the header that you want to search, e.g., `userAgent` or `referer`.
  If `type` is any other value, omit this field.
* `type` - (Required) The part of the web request that you want AWS WAF to search for a specified string.
  e.g., `header`, `method` or `body`.
  See [docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/APIReference/API_FieldToMatch.html)
  for all supported values.

## Remarks

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the WAF SQL Injection Match Set.

## Import

AWS WAF SQL Injection Match Set can be imported using their ID, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_waf_sql_injection_match_set.example a1b2c3d4-d5f6-7777-8888-9999aaaabbbbcccc
```
