---
subcategory: "WAF Classic"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_waf_web_acl"
description: |-
  Provides a AWS WAF web access control group (ACL) resource.
---

# Resource: awsWafWebAcl

Provides a WAF Web ACL Resource

## Example Usage

This example blocks requests coming from `192070/24` and allows everything else.

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const awsWafIpsetIpset = new aws.wafIpset.WafIpset(this, "ipset", {
  ipSetDescriptors: [
    {
      type: "IPV4",
      value: "192.0.7.0/24",
    },
  ],
  name: "tfIPSet",
});
const awsWafRuleWafrule = new aws.wafRule.WafRule(this, "wafrule", {
  depends_on: [`\${${awsWafIpsetIpset.fqn}}`],
  metricName: "tfWAFRule",
  name: "tfWAFRule",
  predicates: [
    {
      dataId: awsWafIpsetIpset.id,
      negated: false,
      type: "IPMatch",
    },
  ],
});
new aws.wafWebAcl.WafWebAcl(this, "waf_acl", {
  defaultAction: {
    type: "ALLOW",
  },
  depends_on: [`\${${awsWafIpsetIpset.fqn}}`, `\${${awsWafRuleWafrule.fqn}}`],
  metricName: "tfWebACL",
  name: "tfWebACL",
  rules: [
    {
      action: {
        type: "BLOCK",
      },
      priority: 1,
      ruleId: awsWafRuleWafrule.id,
      type: "REGULAR",
    },
  ],
});

```

### Logging

\~> *NOTE:* The Kinesis Firehose Delivery Stream name must begin with `awsWafLogs` and be located in `usEast1` region. See the [AWS WAF Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/logging.html) for more information about enabling WAF logging.

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.wafWebAcl.WafWebAcl(this, "example", {
  loggingConfiguration: {
    logDestination: "${aws_kinesis_firehose_delivery_stream.example.arn}",
    redactedFields: {
      fieldToMatch: [
        {
          type: "URI",
        },
        {
          data: "referer",
          type: "HEADER",
        },
      ],
    },
  },
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `defaultAction` - (Required) Configuration block with action that you want AWS WAF to take when a request doesn't match the criteria in any of the rules that are associated with the web ACL. Detailed below.
* `metricName` - (Required) The name or description for the Amazon CloudWatch metric of this web ACL.
* `name` - (Required) The name or description of the web ACL.
* `rules` - (Optional) Configuration blocks containing rules to associate with the web ACL and the settings for each rule. Detailed below.
* `loggingConfiguration` - (Optional) Configuration block to enable WAF logging. Detailed below.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### `defaultAction` Configuration Block

* `type` - (Required) Specifies how you want AWS WAF to respond to requests that don't match the criteria in any of the `rules`.
  e.g., `allow` or `block`

### `loggingConfiguration` Configuration Block

* `logDestination` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of Kinesis Firehose Delivery Stream
* `redactedFields` - (Optional) Configuration block containing parts of the request that you want redacted from the logs. Detailed below.

#### `redactedFields` Configuration Block

* `fieldToMatch` - (Required) Set of configuration blocks for fields to redact. Detailed below.

##### `fieldToMatch` Configuration Block

\-> Additional information about this configuration can be found in the [AWS WAF Regional API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/APIReference/API_regional_FieldToMatch.html).

* `data` - (Optional) When the value of `type` is `header`, enter the name of the header that you want the WAF to search, for example, `userAgent` or `referer`. If the value of `type` is any other value, omit `data`.
* `type` - (Required) The part of the web request that you want AWS WAF to search for a specified stringE.g., `header` or `method`

### `rules` Configuration Block

See [docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/APIReference/API_ActivatedRule.html) for all details and supported values.

* `action` - (Optional) The action that CloudFront or AWS WAF takes when a web request matches the conditions in the rule. Not used if `type` is `group`.
  * `type` - (Required) valid values are: `block`, `allow`, or `count`
* `overrideAction` - (Optional) Override the action that a group requests CloudFront or AWS WAF takes when a web request matches the conditions in the rule. Only used if `type` is `group`.
  * `type` - (Required) valid values are: `none` or `count`
* `priority` - (Required) Specifies the order in which the rules in a WebACL are evaluated.
  Rules with a lower value are evaluated before rules with a higher value.
* `ruleId` - (Required) ID of the associated WAF (Global) rule (e.g., [`awsWafRule`](/docs/providers/aws/r/waf_rule.html)). WAF (Regional) rules cannot be used.
* `type` - (Optional) The rule type, either `regular`, as defined by [Rule](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/APIReference/API_Rule.html), `RATE_BASED`, as defined by [RateBasedRule](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/APIReference/API_RateBasedRule.html), or `group`, as defined by [RuleGroup](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/APIReference/API_RuleGroup.html). The default is REGULAR. If you add a RATE\_BASED rule, you need to set `type` as `RATE_BASED`. If you add a GROUP rule, you need to set `type` as `group`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the WAF WebACL.
* `arn` - The ARN of the WAF WebACL.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

WAF Web ACL can be imported using the `id`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_waf_web_acl.main 0c8e583e-18f3-4c13-9e2a-67c4805d2f94
```
