---
subcategory: "WAF Classic Regional"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_wafregional_byte_match_set"
description: |-
  Provides a AWS WAF Regional ByteMatchSet resource for use with ALB.
---

# Resource: awsWafregionalByteMatchSet

Provides a WAF Regional Byte Match Set Resource for use with Application Load Balancer.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.wafregionalByteMatchSet.WafregionalByteMatchSet(this, "byte_set", {
  byteMatchTuples: [
    {
      fieldToMatch: {
        data: "referer",
        type: "HEADER",
      },
      positionalConstraint: "CONTAINS",
      targetString: "badrefer1",
      textTransformation: "NONE",
    },
  ],
  name: "tf_waf_byte_match_set",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name or description of the ByteMatchSet.
* `byteMatchTuples` - (Optional)Settings for the ByteMatchSet, such as the bytes (typically a string that corresponds with ASCII characters) that you want AWS WAF to search for in web requests. ByteMatchTuple documented below.

ByteMatchTuples(byte\_match\_tuples) support the following:

* `fieldToMatch` - (Required) Settings for the ByteMatchTuple. FieldToMatch documented below.
* `positionalConstraint` - (Required) Within the portion of a web request that you want to search.
* `targetString` - (Required) The value that you want AWS WAF to search for. The maximum length of the value is 50 bytes.
* `textTransformation` - (Required) The formatting way for web request.

FieldToMatch(field\_to\_match) support following:

* `data` - (Optional) When the value of Type is HEADER, enter the name of the header that you want AWS WAF to search, for example, User-Agent or Referer. If the value of Type is any other value, omit Data.
* `type` - (Required) The part of the web request that you want AWS WAF to search for a specified string.

## Remarks

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the WAF ByteMatchSet.

## Import

WAF Regional Byte Match Set can be imported using the id, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_wafregional_byte_match_set.byte_set a1b2c3d4-d5f6-7777-8888-9999aaaabbbbcccc
```
