---
subcategory: "WAF"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_wafv2_ip_set"
description: |-
  Provides an AWS WAFv2 IP Set resource.
---

# Resource: awsWafv2IpSet

Provides a WAFv2 IP Set Resource

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.wafv2IpSet.Wafv2IpSet(this, "example", {
  addresses: ["1.2.3.4/32", "5.6.7.8/32"],
  description: "Example IP set",
  ipAddressVersion: "IPV4",
  name: "example",
  scope: "REGIONAL",
  tags: {
    Tag1: "Value1",
    Tag2: "Value2",
  },
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) A friendly name of the IP set.
* `description` - (Optional) A friendly description of the IP set.
* `scope` - (Required) Specifies whether this is for an AWS CloudFront distribution or for a regional application. Valid values are `cloudfront` or `regional`. To work with CloudFront, you must also specify the Region US East (N. Virginia).
* `ipAddressVersion` - (Required) Specify IPV4 or IPV6. Valid values are `ipv4` or `ipv6`.
* `addresses` - (Required) Contains an array of strings that specify one or more IP addresses or blocks of IP addresses in Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) notation. AWS WAF supports all address ranges for IP versions IPv4 and IPv6.
* `tags` - (Optional) An array of key:value pairs to associate with the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - A unique identifier for the IP set.
* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IP set.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

WAFv2 IP Sets can be imported using `id/name/scope`

```console
$ terraform import aws_wafv2_ip_set.example a1b2c3d4-d5f6-7777-8888-9999aaaabbbbcccc/example/REGIONAL
```
