---
subcategory: "WorkLink"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_worklink_fleet"
description: |-
  Provides a AWS WorkLink Fleet resource.
---

# Resource: awsWorklinkFleet

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.worklinkFleet.WorklinkFleet(this, "example", {
  name: "terraform-example",
});

```

Network Configuration Usage:

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.worklinkFleet.WorklinkFleet(this, "example", {
  name: "terraform-example",
  network: {
    securityGroupIds: ["${aws_security_group.test.id}"],
    subnetIds: ["${aws_subnet.test[*].id}"],
    vpcId: "${aws_vpc.test.id}",
  },
});

```

Identity Provider Configuration Usage:

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.worklinkFleet.WorklinkFleet(this, "test", {
  identityProvider: {
    samlMetadata: '${file("saml-metadata.xml")}',
    type: "SAML",
  },
  name: "tf-worklink-fleet",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) A region-unique name for the AMI.
* `auditStreamArn` - (Optional) The ARN of the Amazon Kinesis data stream that receives the audit events. Kinesis data stream name must begin with `"amazonWorkLink-"`.
* `deviceCaCertificate` - (Optional) The certificate chain, including intermediate certificates and the root certificate authority certificate used to issue device certificates.
* `identityProvider` - (Optional) Provide this to allow manage the identity provider configuration for the fleet. Fields documented below.
* `displayName` - (Optional) The name of the fleet.
* `network` - (Optional) Provide this to allow manage the company network configuration for the fleet. Fields documented below.
* `optimizeForEndUserLocation` - (Optional) The option to optimize for better performance by routing traffic through the closest AWS Region to users, which may be outside of your home Region. Defaults to `true`.

**network** requires the following:

\~> **NOTE:** `network` cannot be removed without force recreating by `terraformTaint`.

* `vpcId` - (Required) The VPC ID with connectivity to associated websites.
* `subnetIds` - (Required) A list of subnet IDs used for X-ENI connections from Amazon WorkLink rendering containers.
* `securityGroupIds` - (Required) A list of security group IDs associated with access to the provided subnets.

**identity\_provider** requires the following:

\~> **NOTE:** `identityProvider` cannot be removed without force recreating by `terraformTaint`.

* `type` - (Required) The type of identity provider.
* `samlMetadata` - (Required) The SAML metadata document provided by the customer’s identity provider.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ARN of the created WorkLink Fleet.
* `arn` - The ARN of the created WorkLink Fleet.
* `companyCode` - The identifier used by users to sign in to the Amazon WorkLink app.
* `createdTime` - The time that the fleet was created.
* `lastUpdatedTime` - The time that the fleet was last updated.

## Import

WorkLink can be imported using the ARN, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_worklink_fleet.test arn:aws:worklink::123456789012:fleet/example
```
