---
subcategory: "Batch"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_batch_scheduling_policy"
description: |-
    Provides details about a Batch Scheduling Policy
---

# Data Source: awsBatchSchedulingPolicy

The Batch Scheduling Policy data source allows access to details of a specific Scheduling Policy within AWS Batch.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsBatchSchedulingPolicy.DataAwsBatchSchedulingPolicy(
  this,
  "test",
  {
    arn: "arn:aws:batch:us-east-1:012345678910:scheduling-policy/example",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `arn` - (Required) ARN of the scheduling policy.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all the arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `fairsharePolicy` - Fairshare policy block specifies the `computeReservation`, `shareDelaySeconds`, and `shareDistribution` of the scheduling policy. The `fairsharePolicy` block is documented below.
* `name` - Name of the scheduling policy.
* `tags` - Key-value map of resource tags

A `fairsharePolicy` block supports the following arguments:

* `computeReservation` - Value used to reserve some of the available maximum vCPU for fair share identifiers that have not yet been used. For more information, see [FairsharePolicy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/batch/latest/APIReference/API_FairsharePolicy.html).
* `shareDelaySeconds` - Time period to use to calculate a fair share percentage for each fair share identifier in use, in seconds. For more information, see [FairsharePolicy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/batch/latest/APIReference/API_FairsharePolicy.html).
* `shareDistribution` - One or more share distribution blocks which define the weights for the fair share identifiers for the fair share policy. For more information, see [FairsharePolicy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/batch/latest/APIReference/API_FairsharePolicy.html). The `shareDistribution` block is documented below.

A `shareDistribution` block supports the following arguments:

* `shareIdentifier` - Fair share identifier or fair share identifier prefix. For more information, see [ShareAttributes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/batch/latest/APIReference/API_ShareAttributes.html).
* `weightFactor` - Weight factor for the fair share identifier. For more information, see [ShareAttributes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/batch/latest/APIReference/API_ShareAttributes.html).
