---
subcategory: "Batch"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_batch_job_queue"
description: |-
    Provides details about a batch job queue
---

# Data Source: awsBatchJobQueue

The Batch Job Queue data source allows access to details of a specific
job queue within AWS Batch.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsBatchJobQueue.DataAwsBatchJobQueue(this, "test-queue", {
  name: "tf-test-batch-job-queue",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the job queue.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - ARN of the job queue.
* `schedulingPolicyArn` - The ARN of the fair share scheduling policy. If this attribute has a value, the job queue uses a fair share scheduling policy. If this attribute does not have a value, the job queue uses a first in, first out (FIFO) scheduling policy.
* `status` - Current status of the job queue (for example, `creating` or `valid`).
* `statusReason` - Short, human-readable string to provide additional details about the current status
  of the job queue.
* `state` - Describes the ability of the queue to accept new jobs (for example, `enabled` or `disabled`).
* `tags` - Key-value map of resource tags
* `priority` - Priority of the job queue. Job queues with a higher priority are evaluated first when
  associated with the same compute environment.
* `computeEnvironmentOrder` - The compute environments that are attached to the job queue and the order in
  which job placement is preferred. Compute environments are selected for job placement in ascending order.
  * `computeEnvironmentOrder.#Order` - The order of the compute environment.
  * `computeEnvironmentOrder.#ComputeEnvironment` - The ARN of the compute environment.
