---
subcategory: "CloudFront"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_cloudfront_distribution"
description: |-
  Provides a CloudFront web distribution data source.
---

# Data source: awsCloudfrontDistribution

Use this data source to retrieve information about a CloudFront distribution.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsCloudfrontDistribution.DataAwsCloudfrontDistribution(
  this,
  "test",
  {
    id: "EDFDVBD632BHDS5",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

* `id` - Identifier for the distribution. For example: `edfdvbd632Bhds5`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - Identifier for the distribution. For example: `edfdvbd632Bhds5`.

*   `aliases` - List that contains information about CNAMEs (alternate domain names), if any, for this distribution.

*   `arn` - ARN (Amazon Resource Name) for the distribution. For example: arn:aws:cloudfront::123456789012:distribution/EDFDVBD632BHDS5, where 123456789012 is your AWS account ID.

*   `status` - Current status of the distribution. `deployed` if the
    distribution's information is fully propagated throughout the Amazon
    CloudFront system.

*   `domainName` - Domain name corresponding to the distribution. For
    example: `d604721Fxaaqy9CloudfrontNet`.

*   `lastModifiedTime` - Date and time the distribution was last modified.

*   `inProgressValidationBatches` - The number of invalidation batches
    currently in progress.

*   `etag` - Current version of the distribution's information. For example:
    `e2Qwruhapomqzl`.

*   `hostedZoneId` - CloudFront Route 53 zone ID that can be used to
    route an \[Alias Resource Record Set]\[7] to. This attribute is simply an
    alias for the zone ID `z2Fdtndataqyw2`.
