---
subcategory: "CloudHSM"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_cloudhsm_v2_cluster"
description: |-
  Get information on a CloudHSM v2 cluster.
---

# Data Source: awsCloudhsmV2Cluster

Use this data source to get information about a CloudHSM v2 cluster

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsCloudhsmV2Cluster.DataAwsCloudhsmV2Cluster(this, "cluster", {
  clusterId: "cluster-testclusterid",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `clusterId` - (Required) ID of Cloud HSM v2 cluster.
* `clusterState` - (Optional) State of the cluster to be found.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `vpcId` - ID of the VPC that the CloudHSM cluster resides in.
* `securityGroupId` - ID of the security group associated with the CloudHSM cluster.
* `subnetIds` - IDs of subnets in which cluster operates.
* `clusterCertificates` - The list of cluster certificates.
  * `clusterCertificates0ClusterCertificate` - The cluster certificate issued (signed) by the issuing certificate authority (CA) of the cluster's owner.
  * `clusterCertificates0ClusterCsr` - The certificate signing request (CSR). Available only in UNINITIALIZED state.
  * `clusterCertificates0AwsHardwareCertificate` - The HSM hardware certificate issued (signed) by AWS CloudHSM.
  * `clusterCertificates0HsmCertificate` - The HSM certificate issued (signed) by the HSM hardware.
  * `clusterCertificates0ManufacturerHardwareCertificate` - The HSM hardware certificate issued (signed) by the hardware manufacturer.
    The number of available cluster certificates may vary depending on state of the cluster.
