---
subcategory: "Connect"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_connect_queue"
description: |-
  Provides details about a specific Amazon Connect Queue.
---

# Data Source: awsConnectQueue

Provides details about a specific Amazon Connect Queue.

## Example Usage

By `name`

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsConnectQueue.DataAwsConnectQueue(this, "example", {
  instanceId: "aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-111111111111",
  name: "Example",
});

```

By `queueId`

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsConnectQueue.DataAwsConnectQueue(this, "example", {
  instanceId: "aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-111111111111",
  queueId: "cccccccc-bbbb-cccc-dddd-111111111111",
});

```

## Argument Reference

\~> **NOTE:** `instanceId` and one of either `name` or `queueId` is required.

The following arguments are supported:

* `queueId` - (Optional) Returns information on a specific Queue by Queue id
* `instanceId` - (Required) Reference to the hosting Amazon Connect Instance
* `name` - (Optional) Returns information on a specific Queue by name

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all of the arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - ARN of the Queue.
* `description` - Description of the Queue.
* `hoursOfOperationId` - Specifies the identifier of the Hours of Operation.
* `id` - Identifier of the hosting Amazon Connect Instance and identifier of the Queue separated by a colon (`:`).
* `maxContacts` - Maximum number of contacts that can be in the queue before it is considered full. Minimum value of 0.
* `outboundCallerConfig` - A block that defines the outbound caller ID name, number, and outbound whisper flow. The Outbound Caller Config block is documented below.
* `queueId` - Identifier for the Queue.
* `status` - Description of the Queue. Values are `enabled` or `disabled`.
* `tags` - Map of tags assigned to the Queue.

A `outboundCallerConfig` block supports the following arguments:

* `outboundCallerIdName` - Specifies the caller ID name.
* `outboundCallerIdNumberId` - Specifies the caller ID number.
* `outboundFlowId` - Outbound whisper flow to be used during an outbound call.
