---
subcategory: "Connect"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_connect_user_hierarchy_group"
description: |-
  Provides details about a specific Amazon Connect User Hierarchy Group.
---

# Data Source: awsConnectUserHierarchyGroup

Provides details about a specific Amazon Connect User Hierarchy Group.

## Example Usage

By `name`

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsConnectUserHierarchyGroup.DataAwsConnectUserHierarchyGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    instanceId: "aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-111111111111",
    name: "Example",
  }
);

```

By `hierarchyGroupId`

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsConnectUserHierarchyGroup.DataAwsConnectUserHierarchyGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    hierarchyGroupId: "cccccccc-bbbb-cccc-dddd-111111111111",
    instanceId: "aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-111111111111",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

\~> **NOTE:** `instanceId` and one of either `name` or `hierarchyGroupId` is required.

The following arguments are supported:

* `hierarchyGroupId` - (Optional) Returns information on a specific hierarchy group by hierarchy group id
* `instanceId` - (Required) Reference to the hosting Amazon Connect Instance
* `name` - (Optional) Returns information on a specific hierarchy group by name

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all of the arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - ARN of the hierarchy group.
* `hierarchyPath` - Block that contains information about the levels in the hierarchy group. The `hierarchyPath` block is documented below.
* `levelId` - Identifier of the level in the hierarchy group.
* `id` - Identifier of the hosting Amazon Connect Instance and identifier of the hierarchy group separated by a colon (`:`).
* `tags` - Map of tags to assign to the hierarchy group.

A `hierarchyPath` block supports the following attributes:

* `levelOne` - Details of level one. See below.
* `levelTwo` - Details of level two. See below.
* `levelThree` - Details of level three. See below.
* `levelFour` - Details of level four. See below.
* `levelFive` - Details of level five. See below.

A level block supports the following attributes:

* `arn` -  ARN of the hierarchy group.
* `id` -  The identifier of the hierarchy group.
* `name` - Name of the hierarchy group.
