---
subcategory: "EFS (Elastic File System)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_efs_mount_target"
description: |-
  Provides an Elastic File System Mount Target (EFS) data source.
---

# Data Source: awsEfsMountTarget

Provides information about an Elastic File System Mount Target (EFS).

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
/*Terraform Variables are not always the best fit for getting inputs in the context of Terraform CDK.
You can read more about this at https://cdk.tf/variables*/
const mountTargetId = new cdktf.TerraformVariable(this, "mount_target_id", {
  default: "",
});
new aws.dataAwsEfsMountTarget.DataAwsEfsMountTarget(this, "by_id", {
  mountTargetId: mountTargetId.value,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `accessPointId` - (Optional) ID or ARN of the access point whose mount target that you want to find. It must be included if a `fileSystemId` and `mountTargetId` are not included.
* `fileSystemId` - (Optional) ID or ARN of the file system whose mount target that you want to find. It must be included if an `accessPointId` and `mountTargetId` are not included.
* `mountTargetId` - (Optional) ID or ARN of the mount target that you want to find. It must be included in your request if an `accessPointId` and `fileSystemId` are not included.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `fileSystemArn` - Amazon Resource Name of the file system for which the mount target is intended.
* `subnetId` - ID of the mount target's subnet.
* `ipAddress` - Address at which the file system may be mounted via the mount target.
* `securityGroups` - List of VPC security group IDs attached to the mount target.
* `dnsName` - DNS name for the EFS file system.
* `mountTargetDnsName` - The DNS name for the given subnet/AZ per [documented convention](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/mounting-fs-mount-cmd-dns-name.html).
* `networkInterfaceId` - The ID of the network interface that Amazon EFS created when it created the mount target.
* `availabilityZoneName` - The name of the Availability Zone (AZ) that the mount target resides in.
* `availabilityZoneId` - The unique and consistent identifier of the Availability Zone (AZ) that the mount target resides in.
* `ownerId` - AWS account ID that owns the resource.
