---
subcategory: "ElastiCache"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_elasticache_cluster"
description: |-
  Get information on an ElastiCache Cluster resource.
---

# Data Source: awsElasticacheCluster

Use this data source to get information about an ElastiCache Cluster

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsElasticacheCluster.DataAwsElasticacheCluster(
  this,
  "my_cluster",
  {
    clusterId: "my-cluster-id",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `clusterId` – (Required) Group identifier.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `nodeType` – The cluster node type.
* `numCacheNodes` – The number of cache nodes that the cache cluster has.
* `engine` – Name of the cache engine.
* `engineVersion` – Version number of the cache engine.
* `ipDiscovery` - The IP version advertised in the discovery protocol.
* `networkType` - The IP versions for cache cluster connections.
* `subnetGroupName` – Name of the subnet group associated to the cache cluster.
* `securityGroupNames` – List of security group names associated with this cache cluster.
* `securityGroupIds` – List VPC security groups associated with the cache cluster.
* `parameterGroupName` – Name of the parameter group associated with this cache cluster.
* `replicationGroupId` - The replication group to which this cache cluster belongs.
* `logDeliveryConfiguration` - Redis [SLOWLOG](https://redis.io/commands/slowlog) or Redis [Engine Log](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/red-ug/Log_Delivery.html#Log_contents-engine-log) delivery settings.
* `maintenanceWindow` – Specifies the weekly time range for when maintenance
  on the cache cluster is performed.
* `snapshotWindow` - Daily time range (in UTC) during which ElastiCache will
  begin taking a daily snapshot of the cache cluster.
* `snapshotRetentionLimit` - The number of days for which ElastiCache will
  retain automatic cache cluster snapshots before deleting them.
* `availabilityZone` - Availability Zone for the cache cluster.
* `notificationTopicArn` – An ARN of an
  SNS topic that ElastiCache notifications get sent to.
* `port` – The port number on which each of the cache nodes will
  accept connections.
* `configurationEndpoint` - (Memcached only) Configuration endpoint to allow host discovery.
* `clusterAddress` - (Memcached only) DNS name of the cache cluster without the port appended.
* `preferredOutpostArn` - The outpost ARN in which the cache cluster was created if created in outpost.
* `cacheNodes` - List of node objects including `id`, `address`, `port`, `availabilityZone` and `outpostArn`.
  Referenceable e.g., as `${dataAwsElasticacheClusterBarCacheNodes0Address}`
* `tags` - Tags assigned to the resource
