---
subcategory: "Glue"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_glue_data_catalog_encryption_settings"
description: |-
  Get information on AWS Glue Data Catalog Encryption Settings
---

# Data Source: awsGlueDataCatalogEncryptionSettings

This data source can be used to fetch information about AWS Glue Data Catalog Encryption Settings.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsGlueDataCatalogEncryptionSettings.DataAwsGlueDataCatalogEncryptionSettings(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    id: "123456789123",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

* `catalogId` - (Required) ID of the Data Catalog. This is typically the AWS account ID.

## Attributes Reference

* `dataCatalogEncryptionSettings` – The security configuration to set. see [Data Catalog Encryption Settings](#data_catalog_encryption_settings).
* `id` – The ID of the Data Catalog to set the security configuration for.

### dataCatalogEncryptionSettings

* `connectionPasswordEncryption` - When connection password protection is enabled, the Data Catalog uses a customer-provided key to encrypt the password as part of CreateConnection or UpdateConnection and store it in the ENCRYPTED\_PASSWORD field in the connection properties. You can enable catalog encryption or only password encryption. see [Connection Password Encryption](#connection_password_encryption).
* `encryptionAtRest` - Encryption-at-rest configuration for the Data Catalog. see [Encryption At Rest](#encryption_at_rest).

### connectionPasswordEncryption

* `returnConnectionPasswordEncrypted` - When set to `true`, passwords remain encrypted in the responses of GetConnection and GetConnections. This encryption takes effect independently of the catalog encryption.
* `awsKmsKeyId` - KMS key ARN that is used to encrypt the connection password.

### encryptionAtRest

* `catalogEncryptionMode` - The encryption-at-rest mode for encrypting Data Catalog data.
* `sseAwsKmsKeyId` - ARN of the AWS KMS key to use for encryption at rest.
