---
subcategory: "EC2 Image Builder"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_imagebuilder_image"
description: |-
    Provides details about an Image Builder Image
---

# Data Source: awsImagebuilderImage

Provides details about an Image Builder Image.

## Example Usage

### Latest

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsImagebuilderImage.DataAwsImagebuilderImage(this, "example", {
  arn: "arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-west-2:aws:image/amazon-linux-2-x86/x.x.x",
});

```

## Argument Reference

* `arn` - (Required) ARN of the image. The suffix can either be specified with wildcards (`xXX`) to fetch the latest build version or a full build version (e.g., `20201126/1`) to fetch an exact version.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `buildVersionArn` - Build version ARN of the image. This will always have the `#.#.#/#` suffix.
* `containerRecipeArn` - ARN of the container recipe.
* `dateCreated` - Date the image was created.
* `distributionConfigurationArn` - ARN of the Image Builder Distribution Configuration.
* `enhancedImageMetadataEnabled` - Whether additional information about the image being created is collected.
* `imageRecipeArn` - ARN of the image recipe.
* `imageTestsConfiguration` - List of an object with image tests configuration.
  * `imageTestsEnabled` - Whether image tests are enabled.
  * `timeoutMinutes` - Number of minutes before image tests time out.
* `infrastructureConfigurationArn` - ARN of the Image Builder Infrastructure Configuration.
* `name` - Name of the image.
* `platform` - Platform of the image.
* `osVersion` - Operating System version of the image.
* `outputResources` - List of objects with resources created by the image.
  * `amis` - Set of objects with each Amazon Machine Image (AMI) created.
    * `accountId` - Account identifier of the AMI.
    * `description` - Description of the AMI.
    * `image` - Identifier of the AMI.
    * `name` - Name of the AMI.
    * `region` - Region of the AMI.
* `tags` - Key-value map of resource tags for the image.
* `version` - Version of the image.
