---
subcategory: "Kinesis"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_kinesis_stream"
description: |-
  Provides a Kinesis Stream data source.
---

# Data Source: awsKinesisStream

Use this data source to get information about a Kinesis Stream for use in other
resources.

For more details, see the [Amazon Kinesis Documentation][1].

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsKinesisStream.DataAwsKinesisStream(this, "stream", {
  name: "stream-name",
});

```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - (Required) Name of the Kinesis Stream.

## Attributes Reference

`id` is set to the ARN of the Kinesis Stream. In addition, the following attributes
are exported:

* `arn` - ARN of the Kinesis Stream (same as id).
* `name` - Name of the Kinesis Stream.
* `creationTimestamp` - Approximate UNIX timestamp that the stream was created.
* `status` - Current status of the stream. The stream status is one of CREATING, DELETING, ACTIVE, or UPDATING.
* `retentionPeriod` - Length of time (in hours) data records are accessible after they are added to the stream.
* `openShards` - List of shard ids in the OPEN state. See [Shard State][2] for more.
* `closedShards` - List of shard ids in the CLOSED state. See [Shard State][2] for more.
* `shardLevelMetrics` - List of shard-level CloudWatch metrics which are enabled for the stream. See [Monitoring with CloudWatch][3] for more.
* `streamModeDetails` - [Capacity mode][4] of the data stream. Detailed below.
* `tags` - Map of tags to assigned to the stream.

### stream\_mode\_details Configuration Block

* `streamMode` - Capacity mode of the stream. Either `ON_DEMAND` or `provisioned`.

[1]: https://aws.amazon.com/documentation/kinesis/

[2]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/streams/latest/dev/kinesis-using-sdk-java-after-resharding.html#kinesis-using-sdk-java-resharding-data-routing

[3]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/streams/latest/dev/monitoring-with-cloudwatch.html

[4]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/streams/latest/dev/how-do-i-size-a-stream.html
