---
subcategory: "Lambda"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_lambda_layer_version"
description: |-
  Provides a Lambda Layer Version data source.
---

# awsLambdaLayerVersion

Provides information about a Lambda Layer Version.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
/*Terraform Variables are not always the best fit for getting inputs in the context of Terraform CDK.
You can read more about this at https://cdk.tf/variables*/
const layerName = new cdktf.TerraformVariable(this, "layer_name", {});
new aws.dataAwsLambdaLayerVersion.DataAwsLambdaLayerVersion(this, "existing", {
  layerName: layerName.value,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `layerName` - (Required) Name of the lambda layer.
* `version` - (Optional) Specific layer version. Conflicts with `compatibleRuntime` and `compatibleArchitecture`. If omitted, the latest available layer version will be used.
* `compatibleRuntime` (Optional) Specific runtime the layer version must support. Conflicts with `version`. If specified, the latest available layer version supporting the provided runtime will be used.
* `compatibleArchitecture` (Optional) Specific architecture the layer version could support. Conflicts with `version`. If specified, the latest available layer version supporting the provided architecture will be used.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `description` - Description of the specific Lambda Layer version.
* `licenseInfo` - License info associated with the specific Lambda Layer version.
* `compatibleRuntimes` - List of [Runtimes][1] the specific Lambda Layer version is compatible with.
* `compatibleArchitectures` - A list of [Architectures][2] the specific Lambda Layer version is compatible with.
* `arn` - ARN of the Lambda Layer with version.
* `layerArn` - ARN of the Lambda Layer without version.
* `createdDate` - Date this resource was created.
* `signingJobArn` - ARN of a signing job.
* `signingProfileVersionArn` - The ARN for a signing profile version.
* `sourceCodeHash` - Base64-encoded representation of raw SHA-256 sum of the zip file.
* `sourceCodeSize` - Size in bytes of the function .zip file.
* `version` - This Lamba Layer version.

[1]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/API_GetLayerVersion.html#SSS-GetLayerVersion-response-CompatibleRuntimes

[2]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/API_GetLayerVersion.html#SSS-GetLayerVersion-response-CompatibleArchitectures
