---
subcategory: "Lex Model Building"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_lex_bot"
description: |-
  Provides details about a specific Lex Bot
---

# Data Source: awsLexBot

Provides details about a specific Amazon Lex Bot.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsLexBot.DataAwsLexBot(this, "order_flowers_bot", {
  name: "OrderFlowers",
  version: "$LATEST",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the bot. The name is case sensitive.
* `version` - (Optional) Version or alias of the bot.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported.

* `arn` - ARN of the bot.
* `checksum` - Checksum of the bot used to identify a specific revision of the bot's `$latest` version.
* `childDirected` - If this Amazon Lex Bot is related to a website, program, or other application that is directed or targeted, in whole or in part, to children under age 13 and subject to COPPA.
* `createdDate` - Date that the bot was created.
* `description` - Description of the bot.
* `detectSentiment` - When set to true user utterances are sent to Amazon Comprehend for sentiment analysis.
* `enableModelImprovements` - Set to true if natural language understanding improvements are enabled.
* `failureReason` - If the `status` is `failed`, the reason why the bot failed to build.
* `idleSessionTtlInSeconds` - The maximum time in seconds that Amazon Lex retains the data gathered in a conversation.
* `lastUpdatedDate` - Date that the bot was updated.
* `locale` - Target locale for the bot. Any intent used in the bot must be compatible with the locale of the bot.
* `name` - Name of the bot, case sensitive.
* `nluIntentConfidenceThreshold` - The threshold where Amazon Lex will insert the AMAZON.FallbackIntent, AMAZON.KendraSearchIntent, or both when returning alternative intents in a PostContent or PostText response. AMAZON.FallbackIntent and AMAZON.KendraSearchIntent are only inserted if they are configured for the bot.
* `status` - Status of the bot.
* `version` - Version of the bot. For a new bot, the version is always `$latest`.
* `voiceId` - Amazon Polly voice ID that the Amazon Lex Bot uses for voice interactions with the user.
