---
subcategory: "VPC (Virtual Private Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_network_interface"
description: |-
  Get information on a Network Interface resource.
---

# awsNetworkInterface

Use this data source to get information about a Network Interface.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsNetworkInterface.DataAwsNetworkInterface(this, "bar", {
  id: "eni-01234567",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `id` – (Optional) Identifier for the network interface.
* `filter` – (Optional) One or more name/value pairs to filter off of. There are several valid keys, for a full reference, check out [describe-network-interfaces](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/ec2/describe-network-interfaces.html) in the AWS CLI reference.

## Attributes Reference

See the [Network Interface](/docs/providers/aws/r/network_interface.html) for details on the returned attributes.

Additionally, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - ARN of the network interface.
* `association` - Association information for an Elastic IP address (IPv4) associated with the network interface. See supported fields below.
* `availabilityZone` - Availability Zone.
* `description` - Description of the network interface.
* `interfaceType` - Type of interface.
* `ipv6Addresses` - List of IPv6 addresses to assign to the ENI.
* `macAddress` - MAC address.
* `ownerId` - AWS account ID of the owner of the network interface.
* `privateDnsName` - Private DNS name.
* `privateIp` - Private IPv4 address of the network interface within the subnet.
* `privateIps` - Private IPv4 addresses associated with the network interface.
* `requesterId` - ID of the entity that launched the instance on your behalf.
* `securityGroups` - List of security groups for the network interface.
* `subnetId` - ID of the subnet.
* `outpostArn` - ARN of the Outpost.
* `tags` - Any tags assigned to the network interface.
* `vpcId` - ID of the VPC.

### `association`

* `allocationId` - Allocation ID.
* `associationId` - Association ID.
* `carrierIp` - Carrier IP address associated with the network interface. This attribute is only set when the network interface is in a subnet which is associated with a Wavelength Zone.
* `customerOwnedIp` - Customer-owned IP address.
* `ipOwnerId` - ID of the Elastic IP address owner.
* `publicDnsName` - Public DNS name.
* `publicIp` - Address of the Elastic IP address bound to the network interface.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `read` - (Default `20M`)
