---
subcategory: "SageMaker"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_sagemaker_prebuilt_ecr_image"
description: |-
  Get information about prebuilt Amazon SageMaker Docker images.
---

# Data Source: awsSagemakerPrebuiltEcrImage

Get information about prebuilt Amazon SageMaker Docker images.

\~> **NOTE:** The AWS provider creates a validly constructed `registryPath` but does not verify that the `registryPath` corresponds to an existing image. For example, using a `registryPath` containing an `imageTag` that does not correspond to a Docker image in the ECR repository, will result in an error.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsSagemakerPrebuiltEcrImage.DataAwsSagemakerPrebuiltEcrImage(
  this,
  "test",
  {
    imageTag: "2.2-1.0.11.0",
    repositoryName: "sagemaker-scikit-learn",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `repositoryName` - (Required) Name of the repository, which is generally the algorithm or library. Values include `blazingtext`, `factorizationMachines`, `forecastingDeepar`, `imageClassification`, `ipinsights`, `kmeans`, `knn`, `lda`, `linearLearner`, `mxnetInferenceEia`, `mxnetInference`, `mxnetTraining`, `ntm`, `objectDetection`, `object2Vec`, `pca`, `pytorchInferenceEia`, `pytorchInference`, `pytorchTraining`, `randomcutforest`, `sagemakerScikitLearn`, `sagemakerSparkmlServing`, `sagemakerXgboost`, `semanticSegmentation`, `seq2Seq`, `tensorflowInferenceEia`, `tensorflowInference`, `tensorflowTraining`, `huggingfaceTensorflowTraining`, `huggingfaceTensorflowInference`, `huggingfacePytorchTraining`, and `huggingfacePytorchInference`.
* `dnsSuffix` - (Optional) DNS suffix to use in the registry path. If not specified, the AWS provider sets it to the DNS suffix for the current region.
* `imageTag` - (Optional) Image tag for the Docker image. If not specified, the AWS provider sets the value to `1`, which for many repositories indicates the latest version. Some repositories, such as XGBoost, do not support `1` or `latest` and specific version must be used.
* `region` (Optional) - Region to use in the registry path. If not specified, the AWS provider sets it to the current region.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `registryId` - Account ID containing the image. For example, `469771592824`.
* `registryPath` - Docker image URL. For example, `341280168497DkrEcrCaCentral1AmazonawsCom/sagemakerSparkmlServing:24`.
