---
subcategory: "Service Quotas"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_servicequotas_service_quota"
description: |-
  Retrieve information about a Service Quota
---

# Data Source: awsServicequotasServiceQuota

Retrieve information about a Service Quota.

\~> **NOTE:** Global quotas apply to all AWS regions, but can only be accessed in `usEast1` in the Commercial partition or `usGovWest1` in the GovCloud partition. In other regions, the AWS API will return the error `theRequestFailedBecauseTheSpecifiedServiceDoesNotExist`

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsServicequotasServiceQuota.DataAwsServicequotasServiceQuota(
  this,
  "by_quota_code",
  {
    quotaCode: "L-F678F1CE",
    serviceCode: "vpc",
  }
);
new aws.dataAwsServicequotasServiceQuota.DataAwsServicequotasServiceQuota(
  this,
  "by_quota_name",
  {
    quotaName: "VPCs per Region",
    serviceCode: "vpc",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

\~> *NOTE:* Either `quotaCode` or `quotaName` must be configured.

* `serviceCode` - (Required) Service code for the quota. Available values can be found with the [`awsServicequotasService` data source](/docs/providers/aws/d/servicequotas_service.html) or [AWS CLI service-quotas list-services command](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/service-quotas/list-services.html).
* `quotaCode` - (Optional) Quota code within the service. When configured, the data source directly looks up the service quota. Available values can be found with the [AWS CLI service-quotas list-service-quotas command](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/service-quotas/list-service-quotas.html). One of `quotaCode` or `quotaName` must be specified.
* `quotaName` - (Optional) Quota name within the service. When configured, the data source searches through all service quotas to find the matching quota name. Available values can be found with the [AWS CLI service-quotas list-service-quotas command](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/service-quotas/list-service-quotas.html). One of `quotaName` or `quotaCode` must be specified.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `adjustable` - Whether the service quota is adjustable.
* `arn` - ARN of the service quota.
* `defaultValue` - Default value of the service quota.
* `globalQuota` - Whether the service quota is global for the AWS account.
* `id` - ARN of the service quota.
* `serviceName` - Name of the service.
* `value` - Current value of the service quota.
