---
subcategory: "Signer"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_signer_signing_job"
description: |-
  Provides a Signer Signing Job data source.
---

# Data Source: awsSignerSigningJob

Provides information about a Signer Signing Job.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsSignerSigningJob.DataAwsSignerSigningJob(
  this,
  "build_signing_job",
  {
    jobId: "9ed7e5c3-b8d4-4da0-8459-44e0b068f7ee",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `jobId` - (Required) ID of the signing job on output.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `completedAt` - Date and time in [RFC3339 format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5.8) that the signing job was completed.
* `createdAt` - Date and time in [RFC3339 format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5.8) that the signing job was created.
* `jobInvoker` - IAM entity that initiated the signing job.
* `jobOwner` - AWS account ID of the job owner.
* `platformDisplayName` - A human-readable name for the signing platform associated with the signing job.
* `platformId` - Platform to which your signed code image will be distributed.
* `profileName` - Name of the profile that initiated the signing operation.
* `profileVersion` - Version of the signing profile used to initiate the signing job.
* `requestedBy` - IAM principal that requested the signing job.
* `revocationRecord` - Revocation record if the signature generated by the signing job has been revoked. Contains a timestamp and the ID of the IAM entity that revoked the signature.
* `signatureExpiresAt` - The time when the signature of a signing job expires.
* `signedObject` - Name of the S3 bucket where the signed code image is saved by code signing.
* `source` - Object that contains the name of your S3 bucket or your raw code.
* `status` - Status of the signing job.
* `statusReason` - String value that contains the status reason.
