---
subcategory: "WorkSpaces"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_workspaces_workspace"
description: |-
  Get information about a WorkSpace in AWS Workspaces Service.
---

# Resource: awsWorkspacesWorkspace

Use this data source to get information about a workspace in [AWS Workspaces](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/workspaces/latest/adminguide/amazon-workspaces.html) Service.

## Example Usage

### Filter By Workspace ID

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsWorkspacesWorkspace.DataAwsWorkspacesWorkspace(this, "example", {
  workspaceId: "ws-cj5xcxsz5",
});

```

### Filter By Directory ID & User Name

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsWorkspacesWorkspace.DataAwsWorkspacesWorkspace(this, "example", {
  directoryId: "d-9967252f57",
  userName: "Example",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `bundleId` - (Optional) ID of the bundle for the WorkSpace.
* `directoryId` - (Optional) ID of the directory for the WorkSpace. You have to specify `userName` along with `directoryId`. You cannot combine this parameter with `workspaceId`.
* `rootVolumeEncryptionEnabled` - (Optional) Indicates whether the data stored on the root volume is encrypted.
* `tags` - (Optional) Tags for the WorkSpace.
* `userName` – (Optional) User name of the user for the WorkSpace. This user name must exist in the directory for the WorkSpace. You cannot combine this parameter with `workspaceId`.
* `userVolumeEncryptionEnabled` – (Optional) Indicates whether the data stored on the user volume is encrypted.
* `volumeEncryptionKey` – (Optional) Symmetric AWS KMS customer master key (CMK) used to encrypt data stored on your WorkSpace. Amazon WorkSpaces does not support asymmetric CMKs.
* `workspaceId` - (Optional) ID of the WorkSpace. You cannot combine this parameter with `directoryId`.
* `workspaceProperties` – (Optional) WorkSpace properties.

`workspaceProperties` supports the following:

* `computeTypeName` – (Optional) Compute type. For more information, see [Amazon WorkSpaces Bundles](http://aws.amazon.com/workspaces/details/#Amazon_WorkSpaces_Bundles). Valid values are `value`, `standard`, `performance`, `power`, `graphics`, `powerpro` and `graphicspro`.
* `rootVolumeSizeGib` – (Optional) Size of the root volume.
* `runningMode` – (Optional) Running mode. For more information, see [Manage the WorkSpace Running Mode](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/workspaces/latest/adminguide/running-mode.html). Valid values are `AUTO_STOP` and `ALWAYS_ON`.
* `runningModeAutoStopTimeoutInMinutes` – (Optional) Time after a user logs off when WorkSpaces are automatically stopped. Configured in 60-minute intervals.
* `userVolumeSizeGib` – (Optional) Size of the user storage.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Workspaces ID.
* `ipAddress` - IP address of the WorkSpace.
* `computerName` - Name of the WorkSpace, as seen by the operating system.
* `state` - Operational state of the WorkSpace.
