---
subcategory: "AAD B2C"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_aadb2c_directory"
description: |-
  Manages an AAD B2C Directory.
---

# azurermAadb2CDirectory

Manages an AAD B2C Directory.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.aadb2CDirectory.Aadb2CDirectory(this, "example", {
  country_code: "US",
  data_residency_location: "United States",
  display_name: "example-b2c-tenant",
  domain_name: "exampleb2ctenant.onmicrosoft.com",
  resource_group_name: "example-rg",
  sku_name: "PremiumP1",
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `countryCode` - (Optional) Country code of the B2C tenant. The `countryCode` should be valid for the specified `dataResidencyLocation`. See [official docs](https://aka.ms/B2CDataResidency) for valid country codes. Required when creating a new resource. Changing this forces a new AAD B2C Directory to be created.

*   `dataResidencyLocation` - (Required) Location in which the B2C tenant is hosted and data resides. The `dataResidencyLocation` should be valid for the specified `countryCode`. See [official docs](https://aka.ms/B2CDataResidenc) for more information. Changing this forces a new AAD B2C Directory to be created. Possible values are `asiaPacific`, `australia`, `europe`, `global` and `unitedStates`.

*   `displayName` - (Optional) The initial display name of the B2C tenant. Required when creating a new resource. Changing this forces a new AAD B2C Directory to be created.

*   `domainName` - (Required) Domain name of the B2C tenant, including the `onmicrosoftCom` suffix. Changing this forces a new AAD B2C Directory to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the AAD B2C Directory should exist. Changing this forces a new AAD B2C Directory to be created.

*   `skuName` - (Required) Billing SKU for the B2C tenant. Must be one of: `premiumP1` or `premiumP2` (`standard` is not supported). See [official docs](https://aka.ms/b2cBilling) for more information.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the AAD B2C Directory.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the AAD B2C Directory.

*   `billingType` - The type of billing for the AAD B2C tenant. Possible values include: `mau` or `auths`.

*   `effectiveStartDate` - The date from which the billing type took effect. May not be populated until after the first billing cycle.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID for the AAD B2C tenant.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the AAD B2C Directory.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the AAD B2C Directory.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the AAD B2C Directory.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the AAD B2C Directory.

## Import

AAD B2C Directories can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_aadb2c_directory.example /subscriptions/12345678-1234-9876-4563-123456789012/resourceGroups/example-resource-group/providers/Microsoft.AzureActiveDirectory/b2cDirectories/directory-name
```
