---
subcategory: "Analysis Services"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_analysis_services_server"
description: |-
  Manages an Analysis Services Server.
---

# azurermAnalysisServicesServer

Manages an Analysis Services Server.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "analysis-services-server-test",
  }
);
new azurerm.analysisServicesServer.AnalysisServicesServer(this, "server", {
  admin_users: ["myuser@domain.tld"],
  enable_power_bi_service: true,
  ipv4_firewall_rule: [
    {
      name: "myRule1",
      range_end: "210.117.252.255",
      range_start: "210.117.252.0",
    },
  ],
  location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
  name: "analysisservicesserver",
  resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
  sku: "S0",
  tags: {
    abc: 123,
  },
});

```

\-> **NOTE:** The server resource will automatically be started and stopped during an update if it is in `paused` state.

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the Analysis Services Server. Only lowercase Alphanumeric characters allowed, starting with a letter. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) The Azure location where the Analysis Services Server exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group in which the Analysis Services Server should be exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `sku` - (Required) SKU for the Analysis Services Server. Possible values are: `d1`, `b1`, `b2`, `s0`, `s1`, `s2`, `s4`, `s8`, `s9`, `s8V2` and `s9V2`.

*   `adminUsers` - (Optional) List of email addresses of admin users.

*   `querypoolConnectionMode` - (Optional) Controls how the read-write server is used in the query pool. If this value is set to `all` then read-write servers are also used for queries. Otherwise with `readOnly` these servers do not participate in query operations.

*   `backupBlobContainerUri` - (Optional) URI and SAS token for a blob container to store backups.

*   `enablePowerBiService` - (Optional) Indicates if the Power BI service is allowed to access or not.

*   `ipv4FirewallRule` - (Optional) One or more `ipv4FirewallRule` block(s) as defined below.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

***

A `ipv4FirewallRule` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the firewall rule.

*   `rangeStart` - (Required) Start of the firewall rule range as IPv4 address.

*   `rangeEnd` - (Required) End of the firewall rule range as IPv4 address.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Analysis Services Server.

*   `serverFullName` - The full name of the Analysis Services Server.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Analysis Services Server.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Analysis Services Server.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Analysis Services Server.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Analysis Services Server.

## Import

Analysis Services Server can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_analysis_services_server.server /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/resourcegroup1/providers/Microsoft.AnalysisServices/servers/server1
```
