---
subcategory: "API Management"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_api_management_api"
description: |-
  Manages an API within an API Management Service.
---

# azurermApiManagementApi

Manages an API within an API Management Service.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermApiManagementExample = new azurerm.apiManagement.ApiManagement(
  this,
  "example_1",
  {
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "example-apim",
    publisher_email: "company@terraform.io",
    publisher_name: "My Company",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    sku_name: "Developer_1",
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermApiManagementExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermApiManagementApiExample =
  new azurerm.apiManagementApi.ApiManagementApi(this, "example_2", {
    api_management_name: azurermApiManagementExample.name,
    display_name: "Example API",
    import: [
      {
        content_format: "swagger-link-json",
        content_value: "http://conferenceapi.azurewebsites.net/?format=json",
      },
    ],
    name: "example-api",
    path: "example",
    protocols: ["https"],
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    revision: "1",
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermApiManagementApiExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the API Management API. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `apiManagementName` - (Required) The Name of the API Management Service where this API should be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The Name of the Resource Group where the API Management API exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `revision` - (Required) The Revision which used for this API. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

***

*   `apiType` - (Optional) Type of API. Possible values are `graphql`, `http`, `soap`, and `websocket`. Defaults to `http`.

*   `displayName` - (Optional) The display name of the API.

*   `path` - (Optional) The Path for this API Management API, which is a relative URL which uniquely identifies this API and all of its resource paths within the API Management Service.

*   `protocols` - (Optional) A list of protocols the operations in this API can be invoked. Possible values are `http`, `https`, `ws`, and `wss`.

\-> **NOTE:** `displayName`, `path` and `protocols` are required when `sourceApiId` is not set.

*   `contact` - (Optional) A `contact` block as documented below.

*   `description` - (Optional) A description of the API Management API, which may include HTML formatting tags.

*   `import` - (Optional) A `import` block as documented below.

*   `license` - (Optional) A `license` block as documented below.

*   `oauth2Authorization` - (Optional) An `oauth2Authorization` block as documented below.

*   `openidAuthentication` - (Optional) An `openidAuthentication` block as documented below.

*   `serviceUrl` - (Optional) Absolute URL of the backend service implementing this API.

*   `soapPassThrough` - (Optional) Should this API expose a SOAP frontend, rather than a HTTP frontend? Defaults to `false`.

\-> **NOTE:** This property has been deprecated in favour of the `apiType` property and will be removed in version 4.0 of the provider.

*   `subscriptionKeyParameterNames` - (Optional) A `subscriptionKeyParameterNames` block as documented below.

*   `subscriptionRequired` - (Optional) Should this API require a subscription key? Defaults to `true`.

*   `termsOfServiceUrl` - (Optional) Absolute URL of the Terms of Service for the API.

*   `version` - (Optional) The Version number of this API, if this API is versioned.

*   `versionSetId` - (Optional) The ID of the Version Set which this API is associated with.

\-> **NOTE:** When `version` is set, `versionSetId` must also be specified

*   `revisionDescription` - (Optional) The description of the API Revision of the API Management API.

*   `versionDescription` - (Optional) The description of the API Version of the API Management API.

*   `sourceApiId` - (Optional) The API id of the source API, which could be in format `azurermApiManagementApiExampleId` or in format `azurermApiManagementApiExampleId;rev=1`

***

A `contact` block supports the following:

*   `email` - (Optional) The email address of the contact person/organization.

*   `name` - (Optional) The name of the contact person/organization.

*   `url` - (Optional) Absolute URL of the contact information.

***

A `import` block supports the following:

*   `contentFormat` - (Required) The format of the content from which the API Definition should be imported. Possible values are: `openapi`, `openapi+json`, `openapi+jsonLink`, `openapiLink`, `swaggerJson`, `swaggerLinkJson`, `wadlLinkJson`, `wadlXml`, `wsdl` and `wsdlLink`.

*   `contentValue` - (Required) The Content from which the API Definition should be imported. When a `contentFormat` of `*Link-*` is specified this must be a URL, otherwise this must be defined inline.

*   `wsdlSelector` - (Optional) A `wsdlSelector` block as defined below, which allows you to limit the import of a WSDL to only a subset of the document. This can only be specified when `contentFormat` is `wsdl` or `wsdlLink`.

***

A `license` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Optional) The name of the license .

*   `url` - (Optional) Absolute URL of the license.

***

A `oauth2Authorization` block supports the following:

*   `authorizationServerName` - (Required) OAuth authorization server identifier. The name of an [OAuth2 Authorization Server](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/api_management_authorization_server.html).

*   `scope` - (Optional) Operations scope.

***

A `openidAuthentication` block supports the following:

*   `openidProviderName` - (Required) OpenID Connect provider identifier. The name of an [OpenID Connect Provider](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/api_management_openid_connect_provider.html).

*   `bearerTokenSendingMethods` - (Optional) How to send token to the server. A list of zero or more methods. Valid values are `authorizationHeader` and `query`.

***

A `subscriptionKeyParameterNames` block supports the following:

*   `header` - (Required) The name of the HTTP Header which should be used for the Subscription Key.

*   `query` - (Required) The name of the QueryString parameter which should be used for the Subscription Key.

***

A `wsdlSelector` block supports the following:

*   `serviceName` - (Required) The name of service to import from WSDL.

*   `endpointName` - (Required) The name of endpoint (port) to import from WSDL.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the API Management API.

*   `isCurrent` - Is this the current API Revision?

*   `isOnline` - Is this API Revision online/accessible via the Gateway?

*   `version` - (Optional) The Version number of this API, if this API is versioned.

*   `versionSetId` - (Optional) The ID of the Version Set which this API is associated with.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the API Management API.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the API Management API.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the API Management API.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the API Management API.

## Import

API Management API's can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_api_management_api.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.ApiManagement/service/instance1/apis/api1
```
