---
subcategory: "Automation"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_automation_watcher"
description: |-
  Manages an Automation Watcher.
---

# azurermAutomationWatcher

Manages an Automation Wacher.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.automationWatcher.AutomationWatcher(this, "example", {
  automation_account_id: "${azurerm_automation_account.test.id}",
  description: "example-watcher desc",
  execution_frequency_in_seconds: 42,
  location: "West Europe",
  name: "example",
  script_name: "${azurerm_automation_runbook.test.name}",
  script_parameters: [
    {
      foo: "bar",
    },
  ],
  script_run_on: "${azurerm_automation_hybrid_runbook_worker_group.test.name}",
  tags: {
    foo: "bar",
  },
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `automationAccountId` - (Required) The ID of Automation Account to manage this Watcher. Changing this forces a new Watcher to be created.

*   `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Automation Watcher. Changing this forces a new Automation Watcher to be created.

*   `executionFrequencyInSeconds` - (Required) Specify the frequency at which the watcher is invoked.

*   `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Automation Watcher should exist. Changing this forces a new Automation Watcher to be created.

*   `scriptName` - (Required) Specify the name of an existing runbook this watcher is attached to. Changing this forces a new Automation to be created.

*   `scriptRunOn` - (Required) Specify the name of the Hybrid work group the watcher will run on.

***

*   `description` - (Optional) A description of this Automation Watcher.

*   `etag` - (Optional) A string of etag assigned to this Automation Watcher.

*   `scriptParameters` - (Optional) Specifies a list of key-vaule parameters. Changing this forces a new Automation watcher to be created.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Automation Watcher.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Automation Watcher.

*   `status` - The current status of the Automation Watcher.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Automation Watcher.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Automation Watcher.
* `update` - (Defaults to 10 minutes) Used when updating the Automation Watcher.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 10 minutes) Used when deleting the Automation Watcher.

## Import

Automation Watchers can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_automation_watcher.example /subscriptions/12345678-1234-9876-4563-123456789012/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.Automation/automationAccounts/account1/watchers/watch1
```
