---
subcategory: "Bot"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_bot_channels_registration"
description: |-
  Manages a Bot Channels Registration.
---

# azurermBotChannelsRegistration

Manages a Bot Channels Registration.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const dataAzurermClientConfigCurrent =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermClientConfig.DataAzurermClientConfig(
    this,
    "current",
    {}
  );
const azurermBotChannelsRegistrationExample =
  new azurerm.botChannelsRegistration.BotChannelsRegistration(
    this,
    "example_2",
    {
      location: "global",
      microsoft_app_id: dataAzurermClientConfigCurrent.clientId,
      name: "example",
      resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
      sku: "F0",
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermBotChannelsRegistrationExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Bot Channels Registration. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Must be globally unique.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which to create the Bot Channels Registration. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) The supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `sku` - (Required) The SKU of the Bot Channels Registration. Valid values include `f0` or `s1`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `microsoftAppId` - (Required) The Microsoft Application ID for the Bot Channels Registration. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `cmkKeyVaultUrl` - (Optional) The CMK Key Vault Key URL to encrypt the Bot Channels Registration with the Customer Managed Encryption Key.

\~> **Note:** It has to add the Key Vault Access Policy for the `botServiceCmekProd` Service Principal and the `softDeleteEnabled` and the `purgeProtectionEnabled` is enabled on the `azurermKeyVault` resource while using `cmkKeyVaultUrl`.

\~> **Note:** It has to turn off the CMK feature before revoking Key Vault Access Policy. For more information, please refer to [Revoke access to customer-managed keys](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-encryption?view=azure-bot-service-4.0\&WT.mc_id=Portal-Microsoft_Azure_BotService#revoke-access-to-customer-managed-keys).

*   `displayName` - (Optional) The name of the Bot Channels Registration will be displayed as. This defaults to `name` if not specified.

*   `description` - (Optional) The description of the Bot Channels Registration.

*   `endpoint` - (Optional) The Bot Channels Registration endpoint.

*   `developerAppInsightsKey` - (Optional) The Application Insights Key to associate with the Bot Channels Registration.

*   `developerAppInsightsApiKey` - (Optional) The Application Insights API Key to associate with the Bot Channels Registration.

*   `developerAppInsightsApplicationId` - (Optional) The Application Insights Application ID to associate with the Bot Channels Registration.

*   `iconUrl` - (Optional) The icon URL to visually identify the Bot Channels Registration.

*   `streamingEndpointEnabled` - (Optional) Is the streaming endpoint enabled for the Bot Channels Registration. Defaults to `false`.

*   `isolatedNetworkEnabled` - (Optional) Is the Bot Channels Registration in an isolated network?

\~> **NOTE:** `isolatedNetworkEnabled` is deprecated and will be removed in favour of the property `publicNetworkAccessEnabled` in version 4.0 of the AzureRM Provider.

*   `publicNetworkAccessEnabled` - (Optional) Is the Bot Channels Registration in an isolated network?

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Bot Channels Registration.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Bot Channels Registration.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Bot Channels Registration.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Bot Channels Registration.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Bot Channels Registration.

## Import

Bot Channels Registration can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_bot_channels_registration.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/example/providers/Microsoft.BotService/botServices/example
```
