---
subcategory: "Confidential Ledger"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_confidential_ledger"
description: |-
  Manages a Confidential Ledger.
---

# azurermConfidentialLedger

Manages a Confidential Ledger.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const dataAzurermClientConfigCurrent =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermClientConfig.DataAzurermClientConfig(
    this,
    "current",
    {}
  );
new azurerm.confidentialLedger.ConfidentialLedger(this, "ledger", {
  azuread_based_service_principal: [
    {
      ledger_role_name: "Administrator",
      principal_id: dataAzurermClientConfigCurrent.objectId,
      tenant_id: dataAzurermClientConfigCurrent.tenantId,
    },
  ],
  ledger_type: "Private",
  location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
  name: "example-ledger",
  resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Confidential Ledger. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Confidential Ledger exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the Confidential Ledger exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `azureadBasedServicePrincipal` - (Required) A list of `azureadBasedServicePrincipal` blocks as defined below.

*   `ledgerType` - (Required) Specifies the type of Confidential Ledger. Possible values are `private` and `public`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

***

*   `certificateBasedSecurityPrincipal` - (Optional) A list of `certificateBasedSecurityPrincipal` blocks as defined below.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the Confidential Ledger.

***

A `azureadBasedServicePrincipal` block supports the following:

*   `ledgerRoleName` - (Required) Specifies the Ledger Role to grant this AzureAD Service Principal. Possible values are `administrator`, `contributor` and `reader`.

*   `principalId` - (Required) Specifies the Principal ID of the AzureAD Service Principal.

*   `tenantId` - (Required) Specifies the Tenant ID for this AzureAD Service Principal.

***

A `certificateBasedSecurityPrincipal` block supports the following:

*   `ledgerRoleName` - (Required) Specifies the Ledger Role to grant this Certificate Security Principal. Possible values are `administrator`, `contributor` and `reader`.

*   `pemPublicKey` - (Required) The public key, in PEM format, of the certificate used by this identity to authenticate with the Confidential Ledger.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of this Confidential Ledger.

*   `identityServiceEndpoint` - The Identity Service Endpoint for this Confidential Ledger.

*   `ledgerEndpoint` - The Endpoint for this Confidential Ledger.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Confidential Ledger.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Confidential Ledger.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Confidential Ledger.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Confidential Ledger.

## Import

Confidential Ledgers can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_confidential_ledger.example /subscriptions/12345678-1234-9876-4563-123456789012/resourceGroups/example-group/providers/Microsoft.ConfidentialLedger/ledgers/example-ledger
```
