---
subcategory: "CosmosDB (DocumentDB)"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_cosmosdb_gremlin_graph"
description: |-
  Manages a Gremlin Graph within a Cosmos DB Account.
---

# azurermCosmosdbGremlinGraph

Manages a Gremlin Graph within a Cosmos DB Account.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermCosmosdbAccountExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermCosmosdbAccount.DataAzurermCosmosdbAccount(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "tfex-cosmosdb-account",
      resource_group_name: "tfex-cosmosdb-account-rg",
    }
  );
const azurermCosmosdbGremlinDatabaseExample =
  new azurerm.cosmosdbGremlinDatabase.CosmosdbGremlinDatabase(
    this,
    "example_1",
    {
      account_name: dataAzurermCosmosdbAccountExample.name,
      name: "tfex-cosmos-gremlin-db",
      resource_group_name: dataAzurermCosmosdbAccountExample.resourceGroupName,
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermCosmosdbGremlinDatabaseExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermCosmosdbGremlinGraphExample =
  new azurerm.cosmosdbGremlinGraph.CosmosdbGremlinGraph(this, "example_2", {
    account_name: dataAzurermCosmosdbAccountExample.name,
    conflict_resolution_policy: [
      {
        conflict_resolution_path: "/_ts",
        mode: "LastWriterWins",
      },
    ],
    database_name: azurermCosmosdbGremlinDatabaseExample.name,
    index_policy: [
      {
        automatic: true,
        excluded_paths: ['/"_etag"/?'],
        included_paths: ["/*"],
        indexing_mode: "consistent",
      },
    ],
    name: "tfex-cosmos-gremlin-graph",
    partition_key_path: "/Example",
    resource_group_name: dataAzurermCosmosdbAccountExample.resourceGroupName,
    throughput: 400,
    unique_key: [
      {
        paths: ["/definition/id1", "/definition/id2"],
      },
    ],
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermCosmosdbGremlinGraphExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

\-> **NOTE:** The CosmosDB Account needs to have the `enableGremlin` capability enabled to use this resource - which can be done by adding this to the `capabilities` list within the `azurermCosmosdbAccount` resource.

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Cosmos DB Gremlin Graph. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which the Cosmos DB Gremlin Graph is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `accountName` - (Required) The name of the CosmosDB Account to create the Gremlin Graph within. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `databaseName` - (Required) The name of the Cosmos DB Graph Database in which the Cosmos DB Gremlin Graph is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `partitionKeyPath` - (Required) Define a partition key. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `partitionKeyVersion` - (Optional) Define a partition key version. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Possible values are `1`and `2`. This should be set to `2` in order to use large partition keys.

*   `throughput` - (Optional) The throughput of the Gremlin graph (RU/s). Must be set in increments of `100`. The minimum value is `400`. This must be set upon database creation otherwise it cannot be updated without a manual terraform destroy-apply.

*   `defaultTtl` - (Optional) The default time to live (TTL) of the Gremlin graph. If the value is missing or set to "-1", items don’t expire.

*   `autoscaleSettings` - (Optional) An `autoscaleSettings` block as defined below. This must be set upon database creation otherwise it cannot be updated without a manual terraform destroy-apply. Requires `partitionKeyPath` to be set.

\~> **Note:** Switching between autoscale and manual throughput is not supported via Terraform and must be completed via the Azure Portal and refreshed.

*   `indexPolicy` - (Optional) The configuration of the indexing policy. One or more `indexPolicy` blocks as defined below.

*   `conflictResolutionPolicy` - (Optional) A `conflictResolutionPolicy` blocks as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `uniqueKey` - (Optional) One or more `uniqueKey` blocks as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

***

An `autoscaleSettings` block supports the following:

* `maxThroughput` - (Optional) The maximum throughput of the Gremlin graph (RU/s). Must be between `1,000` and `1,000,000`. Must be set in increments of `1,000`. Conflicts with `throughput`.

***

An `indexPolicy` block supports the following:

*   `automatic` - (Optional) Indicates if the indexing policy is automatic. Defaults to `true`.

*   `indexingMode` - (Required) Indicates the indexing mode. Possible values include: `consistent`, `lazy`, `none`.

*   `includedPaths` - (Optional) List of paths to include in the indexing. Required if `indexingMode` is `consistent` or `lazy`.

*   `excludedPaths` - (Optional) List of paths to exclude from indexing. Required if `indexingMode` is `consistent` or `lazy`.

*   `compositeIndex` - (Optional) One or more `compositeIndex` blocks as defined below.

*   `spatialIndex` - (Optional) One or more `spatialIndex` blocks as defined below.

***

A `spatialIndex` block supports the following:

* `path` - (Required) Path for which the indexing behaviour applies to. According to the service design, all spatial types including `lineString`, `multiPolygon`, `point`, and `polygon` will be applied to the path.

***

An `conflictResolutionPolicy` block supports the following:

*   `mode` - (Required) Indicates the conflict resolution mode. Possible values include: `lastWriterWins`, `custom`.

*   `conflictResolutionPath` - (Optional) The conflict resolution path in the case of LastWriterWins mode.

*   `conflictResolutionProcedure` - (Optional) The procedure to resolve conflicts in the case of custom mode.

***

An `uniqueKey` block supports the following:

* `paths` - (Required) A list of paths to use for this unique key. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

***

A `compositeIndex` block supports the following:

* `index` - (Required) One or more `index` blocks as defined below.

***

An `index` block supports the following:

*   `path` - (Required) Path for which the indexing behaviour applies to.

*   `order` - (Required) Order of the index. Possible values are `ascending` or `descending`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the CosmosDB Gremlin Graph.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the CosmosDB Gremlin Graph.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the CosmosDB Gremlin Graph.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the CosmosDB Gremlin Graph.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the CosmosDB Gremlin Graph.

## Import

Cosmos Gremlin Graphs can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_cosmosdb_gremlin_graph.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/rg1/providers/Microsoft.DocumentDB/databaseAccounts/account1/gremlinDatabases/db1/graphs/graphs1
```
