---
subcategory: "Databox Edge"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_databox_edge_device"
description: |-
  Manages a Databox Edge Device.
---

# azurermDataboxEdgeDevice

Manages a Databox Edge Device.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-databoxedge",
  }
);
const azurermDataboxEdgeDeviceExample =
  new azurerm.databoxEdgeDevice.DataboxEdgeDevice(this, "example_1", {
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "example-device",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    sku_name: "EdgeP_Base-Standard",
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermDataboxEdgeDeviceExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Databox Edge Device. Changing this forces a new Databox Edge Device to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Databox Edge Device should exist. Changing this forces a new Databox Edge Device to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Databox Edge Device should exist. Changing this forces a new Databox Edge Device to be created.

*   `skuName` - (Required) The `skuName` is comprised of two segments separated by a hyphen (e.g. `tea1NodeUpsHeaterStandard`). The first segment of the `skuName` defines the `name` of the SKU, possible values are `gateway`, `edgeMrMini`, `edgePBase`, `edgePHigh`, `edgePrBase`, `edgePrBaseUps`, `gpu`, `rcaLarge`, `rcaSmall`, `rdc`, `tcaLarge`, `tcaSmall`, `tdc`, `tea1Node`, `tea1NodeUps`, `tea1NodeHeater`, `tea1NodeUpsHeater`, `tea4NodeHeater`, `tea4NodeUpsHeater` or `tma`. The second segment defines the `tier` of the `skuName`, possible values are `standard`. For more information see the [product documentation]("https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.azure.management.databoxedge.models.sku?view=azure-dotnet"). Changing this forces a new Databox Edge Device to be created.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Databox Edge Device.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Databox Edge Device.

*   `deviceProperties` - A `deviceProperties` block as defined below.

***

The `deviceProperties` block exports the following:

*   `configuredRoleTypes` - Type of compute roles configured.

*   `culture` - The Data Box Edge/Gateway device culture.

*   `hcsVersion` - The device software version number of the device (e.g. 1.2.18105.6).

*   `capacity` - The Data Box Edge/Gateway device local capacity in MB.

*   `model` - The Data Box Edge/Gateway device model.

*   `softwareVersion` - The Data Box Edge/Gateway device software version.

*   `status` - The status of the Data Box Edge/Gateway device.

*   `type` - The type of the Data Box Edge/Gateway device.

*   `nodeCount` - The number of nodes in the cluster.

*   `serialNumber` - The Serial Number of Data Box Edge/Gateway device.

*   `timeZone` - The Data Box Edge/Gateway device timezone.

***

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Databox Edge Device.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Databox Edge Device.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Databox Edge Device.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Databox Edge Device.

## Import

Databox Edge Devices can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_databox_edge_device.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.DataBoxEdge/dataBoxEdgeDevices/device1
```
