---
subcategory: "Data Factory"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_data_factory_trigger_schedule"
description: |-
  Manages a Trigger Schedule inside a Azure Data Factory.
---

# azurermDataFactoryTriggerSchedule

Manages a Trigger Schedule inside a Azure Data Factory.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermDataFactoryExample = new azurerm.dataFactory.DataFactory(
  this,
  "example_1",
  {
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "example",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermDataFactoryExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermDataFactoryPipelineExample =
  new azurerm.dataFactoryPipeline.DataFactoryPipeline(this, "example_2", {
    data_factory_id: azurermDataFactoryExample.id,
    name: "example",
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermDataFactoryPipelineExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermDataFactoryTriggerScheduleExample =
  new azurerm.dataFactoryTriggerSchedule.DataFactoryTriggerSchedule(
    this,
    "example_3",
    {
      data_factory_id: azurermDataFactoryExample.id,
      frequency: "Day",
      interval: 5,
      name: "example",
      pipeline_name: azurermDataFactoryPipelineExample.name,
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermDataFactoryTriggerScheduleExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Data Factory Schedule Trigger. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Must be globally unique. See the [Microsoft documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/naming-rules) for all restrictions.

*   `dataFactoryId` - (Required) The Data Factory ID in which to associate the Linked Service with. Changing this forces a new resource.

*   `description` - (Optional) The Schedule Trigger's description.

*   `schedule` - (Optional) A `schedule` block as defined below, which further specifies the recurrence schedule for the trigger. A schedule is capable of limiting or increasing the number of trigger executions specified by the `frequency` and `interval` properties.

*   `startTime` - (Optional) The time the Schedule Trigger will start. This defaults to the current time. The time will be represented in UTC.

*   `timeZone` - (Optional) The timezone of the start/end time.

*   `endTime` - (Optional) The time the Schedule Trigger should end. The time will be represented in UTC.

*   `interval` - (Optional) The interval for how often the trigger occurs. This defaults to `1`.

*   `frequency` - (Optional) The trigger frequency. Valid values include `minute`, `hour`, `day`, `week`, `month`. Defaults to `minute`.

*   `activated` - (Optional) Specifies if the Data Factory Schedule Trigger is activated. Defaults to `true`.

*   `pipeline` - (Optional) block as defined below.

*   `pipelineName` - (Optional) The Data Factory Pipeline name that the trigger will act on.

*   `pipelineParameters` - (Optional) The pipeline parameters that the trigger will act upon.

*   `annotations` - (Optional) List of tags that can be used for describing the Data Factory Schedule Trigger.

***

A `schedule` block supports the following:

*   `daysOfMonth` - (Optional) Day(s) of the month on which the trigger is scheduled. This value can be specified with a monthly frequency only.

*   `daysOfWeek` - (Optional) Days of the week on which the trigger is scheduled. This value can be specified only with a weekly frequency.

*   `hours` - (Optional) Hours of the day on which the trigger is scheduled.

*   `minutes` - (Optional) Minutes of the hour on which the trigger is scheduled.

*   `monthly` - (Optional) A `monthly` block as documented below, which specifies the days of the month on which the trigger is scheduled. The value can be specified only with a monthly frequency.

***

A `monthly` block supports the following:

*   `weekday` - (Required) The day of the week on which the trigger runs. For example, a `monthly` property with a `weekday` value of `sunday` means every Sunday of the month.

*   `week` - (Optional) The occurrence of the specified day during the month. For example, a `monthly` property with `weekday` and `week` values of `sunday,1` means the last Sunday of the month.

***

A `pipeline` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) Reference pipeline name.

*   `parameters` - (Optional) The pipeline parameters that the trigger will act upon.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Data Factory Schedule Trigger.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Data Factory Schedule Trigger.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Data Factory Schedule Trigger.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Data Factory Schedule Trigger.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Data Factory Schedule Trigger.

## Import

Data Factory Schedule Trigger can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_data_factory_trigger_schedule.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/example/providers/Microsoft.DataFactory/factories/example/triggers/example
```
