---
subcategory: "DNS"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_dns_zone"
description: |-
  Manages a DNS Zone.
---

# azurermDnsZone

Enables you to manage DNS zones within Azure DNS. These zones are hosted on Azure's name servers to which you can delegate the zone from the parent domain.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
new azurerm.dnsZone.DnsZone(this, "example-public", {
  name: "mydomain.com",
  resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the DNS Zone. Must be a valid domain name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) Specifies the resource group where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `soaRecord` - (Optional) An `soaRecord` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

***

The `soaRecord` block supports:

*   `email` - (Required) The email contact for the SOA record.

*   `hostName` - (Required) The domain name of the authoritative name server for the SOA record.

*   `expireTime` - (Optional) The expire time for the SOA record. Defaults to `2419200`.

*   `minimumTtl` - (Optional) The minimum Time To Live for the SOA record. By convention, it is used to determine the negative caching duration. Defaults to `300`.

*   `refreshTime` - (Optional) The refresh time for the SOA record. Defaults to `3600`.

*   `retryTime` - (Optional) The retry time for the SOA record. Defaults to `300`.

*   `serialNumber` - (Optional) The serial number for the SOA record. Defaults to `1`.

*   `ttl` - (Optional) The Time To Live of the SOA Record in seconds. Defaults to `3600`.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the Record Set.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The DNS Zone ID.

*   `maxNumberOfRecordSets` - (Optional) Maximum number of Records in the zone. Defaults to `1000`.

*   `numberOfRecordSets` - (Optional) The number of records already in the zone.

*   `nameServers` - (Optional) A list of values that make up the NS record for the zone.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

*   `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the DNS Zone.

*   `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the DNS Zone.

*   `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the DNS Zone.

*   `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the DNS Zone.

## Import

DNS Zones can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_dns_zone.zone1 /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.Network/dnsZones/zone1
```
