---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_eventgrid_event_subscription"
description: |-
  Manages an EventGrid Event Subscription

---

# azurermEventgridEventSubscription

Manages an EventGrid Event Subscription

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermStorageAccountExample = new azurerm.storageAccount.StorageAccount(
  this,
  "example_1",
  {
    account_replication_type: "LRS",
    account_tier: "Standard",
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "exampleasa",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    tags: {
      environment: "staging",
    },
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermStorageAccountExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermStorageQueueExample = new azurerm.storageQueue.StorageQueue(
  this,
  "example_2",
  {
    name: "example-astq",
    storage_account_name: azurermStorageAccountExample.name,
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermStorageQueueExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermEventgridEventSubscriptionExample =
  new azurerm.eventgridEventSubscription.EventgridEventSubscription(
    this,
    "example_3",
    {
      name: "example-aees",
      scope: azurermResourceGroupExample.id,
      storage_queue_endpoint: [
        {
          queue_name: azurermStorageQueueExample.name,
          storage_account_id: azurermStorageAccountExample.id,
        },
      ],
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermEventgridEventSubscriptionExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the EventGrid Event Subscription resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `scope` - (Required) Specifies the scope at which the EventGrid Event Subscription should be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `expirationTimeUtc` - (Optional) Specifies the expiration time of the event subscription (Datetime Format `rfc3339`).

*   `eventDeliverySchema` - (Optional) Specifies the event delivery schema for the event subscription. Possible values include: `eventGridSchema`, `cloudEventSchemaV10`, `customInputSchema`. Defaults to `eventGridSchema`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `azureFunctionEndpoint` - (Optional) An `azureFunctionEndpoint` block as defined below.

*   `eventhubEndpointId` - (Optional) Specifies the id where the Event Hub is located.

*   `hybridConnectionEndpointId` - (Optional) Specifies the id where the Hybrid Connection is located.

*   `serviceBusQueueEndpointId` - (Optional) Specifies the id where the Service Bus Queue is located.

*   `serviceBusTopicEndpointId` - (Optional) Specifies the id where the Service Bus Topic is located.

*   `storageQueueEndpoint` - (Optional) A `storageQueueEndpoint` block as defined below.

*   `webhookEndpoint` - (Optional) A `webhookEndpoint` block as defined below.

\~> **NOTE:** One of `eventhubEndpointId`, `hybridConnectionEndpointId`, `serviceBusQueueEndpointId`, `serviceBusTopicEndpointId`, `storageQueueEndpoint`, `webhookEndpoint` or `azureFunctionEndpoint` must be specified.

*   `includedEventTypes` - (Optional) A list of applicable event types that need to be part of the event subscription.

*   `subjectFilter` - (Optional) A `subjectFilter` block as defined below.

*   `advancedFilter` - (Optional) A `advancedFilter` block as defined below.

*   `deliveryIdentity` - (Optional) A `deliveryIdentity` block as defined below.

*   `deliveryProperty` - (Optional) One or more `deliveryProperty` blocks as defined below.

*   `deadLetterIdentity` - (Optional) A `deadLetterIdentity` block as defined below.

\-> **Note:** `storageBlobDeadLetterDestination` must be specified when a `deadLetterIdentity` is specified

*   `storageBlobDeadLetterDestination` - (Optional) A `storageBlobDeadLetterDestination` block as defined below.

*   `retryPolicy` - (Optional) A `retryPolicy` block as defined below.

*   `labels` - (Optional) A list of labels to assign to the event subscription.

*   `advancedFilteringOnArraysEnabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether advanced filters should be evaluated against an array of values instead of expecting a singular value. Defaults to `false`.

***

A `storageQueueEndpoint` block supports the following:

*   `storageAccountId` - (Required) Specifies the id of the storage account id where the storage queue is located.

*   `queueName` - (Required) Specifies the name of the storage queue where the Event Subscription will receive events.

*   `queueMessageTimeToLiveInSeconds` - (Optional) Storage queue message time to live in seconds.

***

An `azureFunctionEndpoint` block supports the following:

*   `functionId` - (Required) Specifies the ID of the Function where the Event Subscription will receive events. This must be the functions ID in format {function\_app.id}/functions/{name}.

*   `maxEventsPerBatch` - (Optional) Maximum number of events per batch.

*   `preferredBatchSizeInKilobytes` - (Optional) Preferred batch size in Kilobytes.

***

A `webhookEndpoint` block supports the following:

*   `url` - (Required) Specifies the url of the webhook where the Event Subscription will receive events.

*   `baseUrl` - (Computed) The base url of the webhook where the Event Subscription will receive events.

*   `maxEventsPerBatch` - (Optional) Maximum number of events per batch.

*   `preferredBatchSizeInKilobytes` - (Optional) Preferred batch size in Kilobytes.

*   `activeDirectoryTenantId` - (Optional) The Azure Active Directory Tenant ID to get the access token that will be included as the bearer token in delivery requests.

*   `activeDirectoryAppIdOrUri` - (Optional) The Azure Active Directory Application ID or URI to get the access token that will be included as the bearer token in delivery requests.

***

A `subjectFilter` block supports the following:

*   `subjectBeginsWith` - (Optional) A string to filter events for an event subscription based on a resource path prefix.

*   `subjectEndsWith` - (Optional) A string to filter events for an event subscription based on a resource path suffix.

*   `caseSensitive` - (Optional) Specifies if `subjectBeginsWith` and `subjectEndsWith` case sensitive. This value

***

A `advancedFilter` supports the following nested blocks:

* `boolEquals` - (Optional) Compares a value of an event using a single boolean value.
* `numberGreaterThan` - (Optional) Compares a value of an event using a single floating point number.
* `numberGreaterThanOrEquals` - (Optional) Compares a value of an event using a single floating point number.
* `numberLessThan` - (Optional) Compares a value of an event using a single floating point number.
* `numberLessThanOrEquals` - (Optional) Compares a value of an event using a single floating point number.
* `numberIn` - (Optional) Compares a value of an event using multiple floating point numbers.
* `numberNotIn` - (Optional) Compares a value of an event using multiple floating point numbers.
* `numberInRange` - (Optional) Compares a value of an event using multiple floating point number ranges.
* `numberNotInRange` - (Optional) Compares a value of an event using multiple floating point number ranges.
* `stringBeginsWith` - (Optional) Compares a value of an event using multiple string values.
* `stringNotBeginsWith` - (Optional) Compares a value of an event using multiple string values.
* `stringEndsWith` - (Optional) Compares a value of an event using multiple string values.
* `stringNotEndsWith` - (Optional) Compares a value of an event using multiple string values.
* `stringContains` - (Optional) Compares a value of an event using multiple string values.
* `stringNotContains` - (Optional) Compares a value of an event using multiple string values.
* `stringIn` - (Optional) Compares a value of an event using multiple string values.
* `stringNotIn` - (Optional) Compares a value of an event using multiple string values.
* `isNotNull` - (Optional) Evaluates if a value of an event isn't NULL or undefined.
* `isNullOrUndefined` - (Optional) Evaluates if a value of an event is NULL or undefined.

Each nested block consists of a key and a value(s) element.

*   `key` - (Required) Specifies the field within the event data that you want to use for filtering. Type of the field can be a number, boolean, or string.

*   `value` - (Required) Specifies a single value to compare to when using a single value operator.

OR

* `values` - (Required) Specifies an array of values to compare to when using a multiple values operator.

\~> **NOTE:** A maximum of total number of advanced filter values allowed on event subscription is 25.

***

A `deliveryIdentity` block supports the following:

*   `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that is used for event delivery. Allowed value is `systemAssigned`, `userAssigned`.

*   `userAssignedIdentity` - (Optional) The user identity associated with the resource.

***

A `deliveryProperty` block supports the following:

*   `headerName` - (Required) The name of the header to send on to the destination

*   `type` - (Required) Either `static` or `dynamic`

*   `value` - (Optional) If the `type` is `static`, then provide the value to use

*   `sourceField` - (Optional) If the `type` is `dynamic`, then provide the payload field to be used as the value. Valid source fields differ by subscription type.

*   `secret` - (Optional) True if the `value` is a secret and should be protected, otherwise false. If True, then this value won't be returned from Azure API calls

***

A `deadLetterIdentity` block supports the following:

*   `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that is used for dead lettering. Allowed value is `systemAssigned`, `userAssigned`.

*   `userAssignedIdentity` - (Optional) The user identity associated with the resource.

***

A `storageBlobDeadLetterDestination` block supports the following:

*   `storageAccountId` - (Required) Specifies the id of the storage account id where the storage blob is located.

*   `storageBlobContainerName` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Storage blob container that is the destination of the deadletter events.

***

A `retryPolicy` block supports the following:

*   `maxDeliveryAttempts` - (Required) Specifies the maximum number of delivery retry attempts for events.

*   `eventTimeToLive` - (Required) Specifies the time to live (in minutes) for events. Supported range is `1` to `1440`. See [official documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/event-grid/manage-event-delivery#set-retry-policy) for more details.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the EventGrid Event Subscription.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the EventGrid Event Subscription.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the EventGrid Event Subscription.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the EventGrid Event Subscription.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the EventGrid Event Subscription.

## Import

EventGrid Event Subscription's can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_eventgrid_event_subscription.eventSubscription1 /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.EventGrid/topics/topic1/providers/Microsoft.EventGrid/eventSubscriptions/eventSubscription1
```
