---
subcategory: "Time Series Insights"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_iot_time_series_insights_standard_environment"
description: |-
  Manages an Azure IoT Time Series Insights Standard Environment.
---

# azurermTimeSeriesInsightsStandardEnvironment

Manages an Azure IoT Time Series Insights Standard Environment.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermIotTimeSeriesInsightsStandardEnvironmentExample =
  new azurerm.iotTimeSeriesInsightsStandardEnvironment.IotTimeSeriesInsightsStandardEnvironment(
    this,
    "example_1",
    {
      data_retention_time: "P30D",
      location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
      name: "example",
      resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
      sku_name: "S1_1",
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermIotTimeSeriesInsightsStandardEnvironmentExample.overrideLogicalId(
  "example"
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Azure IoT Time Series Insights Standard Environment. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Must be globally unique.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which to create the Azure IoT Time Series Insights Standard Environment. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `skuName` - (Required) Specifies the SKU Name for this IoT Time Series Insights Standard Environment. It is string consisting of two parts separated by an underscore(\_).The first part is the `name`, valid values include: `s1` and `s2`. The second part is the `capacity` (e.g. the number of deployed units of the `sku`), which must be a positive `integer` (e.g. `s11`). Possible values are `s11`, `s12`, `s13`, `s14`, `s15`, `s16`, `s17`, `s18`, `s19`, `s110`, `s21`, `s22`, `s23`, `s24`, `s25`, `s26`, `s27`, `s28`, `s29` and `s210`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `dataRetentionTime` - (Required) Specifies the ISO8601 timespan specifying the minimum number of days the environment's events will be available for query. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `storageLimitExceededBehavior` - (Optional) Specifies the behaviour the IoT Time Series Insights service should take when the environment's capacity has been exceeded. Valid values include `pauseIngress` and `purgeOldData`. Defaults to `purgeOldData`.

*   `partitionKey` - (Optional) The name of the event property which will be used to partition data. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the IoT Time Series Insights Standard Environment.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the IoT Time Series Insights Standard Environment.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the IoT Time Series Insights Standard Environment.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the IoT Time Series Insights Standard Environment.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the IoT Time Series Insights Standard Environment.

## Import

Azure IoT Time Series Insights Standard Environment can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_iot_time_series_insights_standard_environment.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/example/providers/Microsoft.TimeSeriesInsights/environments/example
```
