---
subcategory: "IoT Hub"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_iothub_dps"
description: |-
  Manages an IoT Device Provisioning Service.
---

# azurermIothubDps

Manages an IotHub Device Provisioning Service.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermIothubDpsExample = new azurerm.iothubDps.IothubDps(
  this,
  "example_1",
  {
    allocation_policy: "Hashed",
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "example",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    sku: [
      {
        capacity: "1",
        name: "S1",
      },
    ],
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermIothubDpsExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Iot Device Provisioning Service resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group under which the Iot Device Provisioning Service resource has to be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource has to be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `allocationPolicy` - (Optional) The allocation policy of the IoT Device Provisioning Service (`hashed`, `geoLatency` or `static`). Defaults to `hashed`.

*   `dataResidencyEnabled` - (Optional) Specifies if the IoT Device Provisioning Service has data residency and disaster recovery enabled. Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `sku` - (Required) A `sku` block as defined below.

*   `linkedHub` - (Optional) A `linkedHub` block as defined below.

*   `publicNetworkAccessEnabled` - (Optional) Whether requests from Public Network are allowed. Defaults to `true`.

*   `ipFilterRule` - (Optional) An `ipFilterRule` block as defined below.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

***

A `sku` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the sku. Currently can only be set to `s1`.

*   `capacity` - (Required) The number of provisioned IoT Device Provisioning Service units.

***

A `linkedHub` block supports the following:

*   `connectionString` - (Required) The connection string to connect to the IoT Hub.

*   `location` - (Required) The location of the IoT hub.

*   `applyAllocationPolicy` - (Optional) Determines whether to apply allocation policies to the IoT Hub. Defaults to `true`.

*   `allocationWeight` - (Optional) The weight applied to the IoT Hub. Defaults to `1`.

*   `hostname` - (Computed) The IoT Hub hostname.

***

An `ipFilterRule` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the filter.

*   `ipMask` - (Required) The IP address range in CIDR notation for the rule.

*   `action` - (Required) The desired action for requests captured by this rule. Possible values are `accept`, `reject`

*   `target` - (Optional) Target for requests captured by this rule. Possible values are `all`, `deviceApi` and `serviceApi`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the IoT Device Provisioning Service.

*   `deviceProvisioningHostName` - The device endpoint of the IoT Device Provisioning Service.

*   `idScope` - The unique identifier of the IoT Device Provisioning Service.

*   `serviceOperationsHostName` - The service endpoint of the IoT Device Provisioning Service.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the IotHub Device Provisioning Service.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the IotHub Device Provisioning Service.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the IotHub Device Provisioning Service.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the IotHub Device Provisioning Service.

## Import

IoT Device Provisioning Service can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_iothub_dps.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.Devices/provisioningServices/example
```
