---
subcategory: "IoT Hub"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_iothub_device_update_account"
description: |-
  Manages an IoT Hub Device Update Account.
---

# azurermIothubDeviceUpdateAccount

Manages an IoT Hub Device Update Account.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "East US",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermIothubDeviceUpdateAccountExample =
  new azurerm.iothubDeviceUpdateAccount.IothubDeviceUpdateAccount(
    this,
    "example_1",
    {
      identity: [
        {
          type: "SystemAssigned",
        },
      ],
      location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
      name: "example",
      resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
      tags: {
        key: "value",
      },
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermIothubDeviceUpdateAccountExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name which should be used for this IoT Hub Device Update Account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Resource Group where the IoT Hub Device Update Account should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) Specifies the Azure Region where the IoT Hub Device Update Account should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

*   `publicNetworkAccessEnabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether the public network access is enabled for the IoT Hub Device Update Account. Possible values are `true` and `false`. Defaults to `true`.

*   `sku` - (Optional) Sku of the IoT Hub Device Update Account. Possible values are `free` and `standard`. Defaults to `standard`.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the IoT Hub Device Update Account.

***

An `identity` block supports the following:

*   `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this IoT Hub Device Update Account. Possible values are `systemAssigned`, `userAssigned` and `systemAssigned,UserAssigned` (to enable both).

*   `identityIds` - (Optional) A list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this IoT Hub Device Update Account.

\~> **NOTE:** This is required when `type` is set to `userAssigned` or `systemAssigned,UserAssigned`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the IoT Hub Device Update Account.

*   `hostName` - The API host name of the IoT Hub Device Update Account.

*   `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID for the Service Principal associated with the Managed Service Identity of this IoT Hub Device Update Account.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID for the Service Principal associated with the Managed Service Identity of this IoT Hub Device Update Account.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the IoT Hub Device Update Account.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the IoT Hub Device Update Account.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the IoT Hub Device Update Account.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the IoT Hub Device Update Account.

## Import

IoT Hub Device Update Account can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_iothub_device_update_account.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/resourceGroup1/providers/Microsoft.DeviceUpdate/accounts/account1
```
