---
subcategory: "Containers"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_kubernetes_fleet_manager"
description: |-
  Manages a Kubernetes Fleet Manager.
---

<!-- Note: This documentation is generated. Any manual changes will be overwritten -->

# azurermKubernetesFleetManager

Manages a Kubernetes Fleet Manager

\~> **Note:** This Resource is in **Preview** to use this you must be opted into the Preview. You can do this by running `azFeatureRegisterNamespaceMicrosoftContainerServiceNameFleetResourcePreview` and then `azProviderRegisterNMicrosoftContainerService`
.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.kubernetesFleetManager.KubernetesFleetManager(this, "example", {
  hub_profile: [
    {
      dns_prefix: "example",
    },
  ],
  location: "${azurerm_resource_group.example.location}",
  name: "example",
  resource_group_name: "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}",
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Kubernetes Fleet Manager should exist. Changing this forces a new Kubernetes Fleet Manager to be created.

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of this Kubernetes Fleet Manager. Changing this forces a new Kubernetes Fleet Manager to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Resource Group within which this Kubernetes Fleet Manager should exist. Changing this forces a new Kubernetes Fleet Manager to be created.

*   `hubProfile` - (Optional) A `hubProfile` block as defined below. The FleetHubProfile configures the Fleet's hub. Changing this forces a new Kubernetes Fleet Manager to be created.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Kubernetes Fleet Manager.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Kubernetes Fleet Manager.

***

## Blocks Reference

### `hubProfile` Block

The `hubProfile` block supports the following arguments:

* `dnsPrefix` - (Required)

The `hubProfile` block exports the following arguments:

*   `fqdn` -

*   `kubernetesVersion` -

***

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating this Kubernetes Fleet Manager.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting this Kubernetes Fleet Manager.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving this Kubernetes Fleet Manager.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating this Kubernetes Fleet Manager.

## Import

An existing Kubernetes Fleet Manager can be imported into Terraform using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_kubernetes_fleet_manager.example /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.ContainerService/fleets/{fleetName}
```

* Where `{subscriptionId}` is the ID of the Azure Subscription where the Kubernetes Fleet Manager exists. For example `12345678123498764563123456789012`.
* Where `{resourceGroupName}` is the name of Resource Group where this Kubernetes Fleet Manager exists. For example `exampleResourceGroup`.
* Where `{fleetName}` is the name of the Fleet. For example `fleetValue`.
