---
subcategory: "Lighthouse"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_lighthouse_definition"
description: |-
  Manages a Lighthouse Definition.

---

# azurermLighthouseDefinition

Manages a [Lighthouse](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/lighthouse) Definition.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermRoleDefinitionContributor =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermRoleDefinition.DataAzurermRoleDefinition(
    this,
    "contributor",
    {
      role_definition_id: "b24988ac-6180-42a0-ab88-20f7382dd24c",
    }
  );
new azurerm.lighthouseDefinition.LighthouseDefinition(this, "example", {
  authorization: [
    {
      principal_display_name: "Tier 1 Support",
      principal_id: "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000",
      role_definition_id: dataAzurermRoleDefinitionContributor.roleDefinitionId,
    },
  ],
  description: "This is a lighthouse definition created via Terraform",
  managing_tenant_id: "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000",
  name: "Sample definition",
  scope: "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `lighthouseDefinitionId` - (Optional) A unique UUID/GUID which identifies this lighthouse definition - one will be generated if not specified. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the Lighthouse Definition. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `managingTenantId` - (Required) The ID of the managing tenant. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `scope` - (Required) The ID of the managed subscription. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `authorization` - (Required) An authorization block as defined below.

*   `description` - (Optional) A description of the Lighthouse Definition.

*   `eligibleAuthorization` - (Optional) An `eligibleAuthorization` block as defined below.

*   `plan` - (Optional) A `plan` block as defined below.

***

An `authorization` block supports the following:

*   `principalId` - (Required) Principal ID of the security group/service principal/user that would be assigned permissions to the projected subscription.

*   `roleDefinitionId` - (Required) The role definition identifier. This role will define the permissions that are granted to the principal. This cannot be an `owner` role.

*   `delegatedRoleDefinitionIds` - (Optional) The set of role definition ids which define all the permissions that the principal id can assign.

*   `principalDisplayName` - (Optional) The display name of the security group/service principal/user that would be assigned permissions to the projected subscription.

***

An `eligibleAuthorization` block supports the following:

*   `principalId` - (Required) The Principal ID of the Azure Active Directory.

*   `roleDefinitionId` - (Required) The Principal ID of the Azure built-in role that defines the permissions that the Azure Active Directory will have on the projected scope.

*   `justInTimeAccessPolicy` - (Optional) A `justInTimeAccessPolicy` block as defined below.

*   `principalDisplayName` - (Optional) The display name of the Azure Active Directory Principal.

***

A `justInTimeAccessPolicy` block supports the following:

* `multiFactorAuthProvider` - (Optional) The multi-factor authorization provider to be used for just-in-time access requests. Possible value is `azure`.

\~> **Note:** When this property isn't set, it would be set to `none`.

*   `maximumActivationDuration` - (Optional) The maximum access duration in ISO 8601 format for just-in-time access requests. Defaults to `pt8H`.

*   `approver` - (Optional) An `approver` block as defined below.

***

An `approver` block supports the following:

*   `principalId` - (Required) The Principal ID of the Azure Active Directory principal for the approver.

*   `principalDisplayName` - (Optional) The display name of the Azure Active Directory Principal for the approver.

***

A `plan` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) The plan name of the marketplace offer.

*   `publisher` - (Required) The publisher ID of the plan.

*   `product` - (Required) The product code of the plan.

*   `version` - (Required) The version of the plan.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - the fully qualified ID of the Lighthouse Definition.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Lighthouse Definition.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Lighthouse Definition.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Lighthouse Definition.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Lighthouse Definition.

## Import

Lighthouse Definitions can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_lighthouse_definition.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/providers/Microsoft.ManagedServices/registrationDefinitions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
```
