---
subcategory: "Monitor"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_monitor_scheduled_query_rules_alert_v2"
description: |-
  Manages an AlertingAction Scheduled Query Rules Version 2 resource within Azure Monitor
---

# azurermMonitorScheduledQueryRulesAlertV2

Manages an AlertingAction Scheduled Query Rules Version 2 resource within Azure Monitor

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermApplicationInsightsExample =
  new azurerm.applicationInsights.ApplicationInsights(this, "example_1", {
    application_type: "web",
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "example-ai",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermApplicationInsightsExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermMonitorActionGroupExample =
  new azurerm.monitorActionGroup.MonitorActionGroup(this, "example_2", {
    name: "example-mag",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    short_name: "test mag",
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermMonitorActionGroupExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermMonitorScheduledQueryRulesAlertV2Example =
  new azurerm.monitorScheduledQueryRulesAlertV2.MonitorScheduledQueryRulesAlertV2(
    this,
    "example_3",
    {
      action: [
        {
          action_groups: [azurermMonitorActionGroupExample.id],
          custom_properties: [
            {
              key: "value",
              key2: "value2",
            },
          ],
        },
      ],
      auto_mitigation_enabled: true,
      criteria: [
        {
          dimension: [
            {
              name: "client_CountryOrRegion",
              operator: "Exclude",
              values: ["123"],
            },
          ],
          failing_periods: [
            {
              minimum_failing_periods_to_trigger_alert: 1,
              number_of_evaluation_periods: 1,
            },
          ],
          metric_measure_column: "CountByCountry",
          operator: "LessThan",
          query:
            "requests\n  | summarize CountByCountry=count() by client_CountryOrRegion\n",
          resource_id_column: "client_CountryOrRegion",
          threshold: 17.5,
          time_aggregation_method: "Maximum",
        },
      ],
      description: "example sqr",
      display_name: "example-sqr",
      enabled: true,
      evaluation_frequency: "PT10M",
      location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
      name: "example-msqrv2",
      query_time_range_override: "PT1H",
      resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
      scopes: [azurermApplicationInsightsExample.id],
      severity: 4,
      skip_query_validation: true,
      tags: {
        key: "value",
        key2: "value2",
      },
      window_duration: "PT10M",
      workspace_alerts_storage_enabled: false,
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermMonitorScheduledQueryRulesAlertV2Example.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name which should be used for this Monitor Scheduled Query Rule. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Resource Group where the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) Specifies the Azure Region where the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `criteria` - (Required) A `criteria` block as defined below.

*   `evaluationFrequency` - (Optional) How often the scheduled query rule is evaluated, represented in ISO 8601 duration format. Possible values are `pt1M`, `pt5M`, `pt10M`, `pt15M`, `pt30M`, `pt45M`, `pt1H`, `pt2H`, `pt3H`, `pt4H`, `pt5H`, `pt6H`, `p1D`.

\-> **Note** `evaluationFrequency` cannot be greater than the query look back which is `windowDuration`\*`numberOfEvaluationPeriods`.

\-> **Note** `evaluationFrequency` cannot be greater than the `muteActionsAfterAlertDuration`.

*   `scopes` - (Required) Specifies the list of resource IDs that this scheduled query rule is scoped to. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Currently, the API supports exactly 1 resource ID in the scopes list.

*   `severity` - (Required) Severity of the alert. Should be an integer between 0 and 4. Value of 0 is severest.

*   `windowDuration` - (Required) Specifies the period of time in ISO 8601 duration format on which the Scheduled Query Rule will be executed (bin size). If `evaluationFrequency` is `pt1M`, possible values are `pt1M`, `pt5M`, `pt10M`, `pt15M`, `pt30M`, `pt45M`, `pt1H`, `pt2H`, `pt3H`, `pt4H`, `pt5H`, and `pt6H`. Otherwise, possible values are `pt5M`, `pt10M`, `pt15M`, `pt30M`, `pt45M`, `pt1H`, `pt2H`, `pt3H`, `pt4H`, `pt5H`, `pt6H`, `p1D`, and `p2D`.

*   `action` - (Optional) An `action` block as defined below.

*   `autoMitigationEnabled` - (Optional) Specifies the flag that indicates whether the alert should be automatically resolved or not. Value should be `true` or `false`. The default is `false`.

*   `workspaceAlertsStorageEnabled` - (Optional) Specifies the flag which indicates whether this scheduled query rule check if storage is configured. Value should be `true` or `false`. The default is `false`.

*   `description` - (Optional) Specifies the description of the scheduled query rule.

*   `displayName` - (Optional) Specifies the display name of the alert rule.

*   `enabled` - (Optional) Specifies the flag which indicates whether this scheduled query rule is enabled. Value should be `true` or `false`. The default is `true`.

*   `muteActionsAfterAlertDuration` - (Optional) Mute actions for the chosen period of time in ISO 8601 duration format after the alert is fired. Possible values are `pt5M`, `pt10M`, `pt15M`, `pt30M`, `pt45M`, `pt1H`, `pt2H`, `pt3H`, `pt4H`, `pt5H`, `pt6H`, `p1D` and `p2D`.

\-> **NOTE** `autoMitigationEnabled` and `muteActionsAfterAlertDuration` are mutually exclusive and cannot both be set.

* `queryTimeRangeOverride` - (Optional) Set this if the alert evaluation period is different from the query time range. If not specified, the value is `windowDuration`\*`numberOfEvaluationPeriods`. Possible values are `pt5M`, `pt10M`, `pt15M`, `pt20M`, `pt30M`, `pt45M`, `pt1H`, `pt2H`, `pt3H`, `pt4H`, `pt5H`, `pt6H`, `p1D` and `p2D`.

\-> **Note** `queryTimeRangeOverride` cannot be less than the query look back which is `windowDuration`\*`numberOfEvaluationPeriods`.

*   `skipQueryValidation` - (Optional) Specifies the flag which indicates whether the provided query should be validated or not. The default is false.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule.

*   `targetResourceTypes` - (Optional) List of resource type of the target resource(s) on which the alert is created/updated. For example if the scope is a resource group and targetResourceTypes is `microsoftCompute/virtualMachines`, then a different alert will be fired for each virtual machine in the resource group which meet the alert criteria.

***

An `action` block supports the following:

*   `actionGroups` - (Optional) List of Action Group resource IDs to invoke when the alert fires.

*   `customProperties` - (Optional) Specifies the properties of an alert payload.

***

A `criteria` block supports the following:

*   `operator` - (Required) Specifies the criteria operator. Possible values are `equal`, `greaterThan`, `greaterThanOrEqual`, `lessThan`,and `lessThanOrEqual`.

*   `query` - (Required) The query to run on logs. The results returned by this query are used to populate the alert.

*   `threshold` - (Required) Specifies the criteria threshold value that activates the alert.

*   `timeAggregationMethod` - (Required) The type of aggregation to apply to the data points in aggregation granularity. Possible values are `average`, `count`, `maximum`, `minimum`,and `total`.

*   `dimension` - (Optional) A `dimension` block as defined below.

*   `failingPeriods` - (Optional) A `failingPeriods` block as defined below.

*   `metricMeasureColumn` - (Optional) Specifies the column containing the metric measure number.

*   `resourceIdColumn` - (Optional) Specifies the column containing the resource ID. The content of the column must be an uri formatted as resource ID.

***

A `dimension` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) Name of the dimension.

*   `operator` - (Required) Operator for dimension values. Possible values are `exclude`,and `include`.

*   `values` - (Required) List of dimension values. Use a wildcard `*` to collect all.

***

A `failingPeriods` block supports the following:

*   `minimumFailingPeriodsToTriggerAlert` - (Required) Specifies the number of violations to trigger an alert. Should be smaller or equal to `numberOfEvaluationPeriods`. Possible value is integer between 1 and 6.

*   `numberOfEvaluationPeriods` - (Required) Specifies the number of aggregated look-back points. The look-back time window is calculated based on the aggregation granularity `windowDuration` and the selected number of aggregated points. Possible value is integer between 1 and 6.

\-> **Note** The query look back which is `windowDuration`\*`numberOfEvaluationPeriods` cannot exceed 48 hours.

\-> **Note** `numberOfEvaluationPeriods` must be `1` for queries that do not project timestamp column

## Attributes Reference

The following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule.

*   `createdWithApiVersion` - The api-version used when creating this alert rule.

*   `isALegacyLogAnalyticsRule` - True if this alert rule is a legacy Log Analytic Rule.

*   `isWorkspaceAlertsStorageConfigured` - The flag indicates whether this Scheduled Query Rule has been configured to be stored in the customer's storage.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Monitor Scheduled Query Rule.

## Import

Monitor Scheduled Query Rule Alert can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_monitor_scheduled_query_rules_alert_v2.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/resourceGroup1/providers/Microsoft.Insights/scheduledQueryRules/rule1
```
