---
subcategory: "Monitor"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_monitor_action_rule_suppression"
description: |-
  Manages an Monitor Action Rule which type is suppression.
---

# azurermMonitorActionRuleSuppression

Manages an Monitor Action Rule which type is suppression.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermMonitorActionRuleSuppressionExample =
  new azurerm.monitorActionRuleSuppression.MonitorActionRuleSuppression(
    this,
    "example_1",
    {
      name: "example-amar",
      resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
      scope: [
        {
          resource_ids: [azurermResourceGroupExample.id],
          type: "ResourceGroup",
        },
      ],
      suppression: [
        {
          recurrence_type: "Weekly",
          schedule: [
            {
              end_date_utc: "2019-01-03T15:02:07Z",
              recurrence_weekly: ["Sunday", "Monday", "Friday", "Saturday"],
              start_date_utc: "2019-01-01T01:02:03Z",
            },
          ],
        },
      ],
      tags: {
        foo: "bar",
      },
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermMonitorActionRuleSuppressionExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Monitor Action Rule. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) Specifies the name of the resource group in which the Monitor Action Rule should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `suppression` - (Required) A `suppression` block as defined below.

*   `description` - (Optional) Specifies a description for the Action Rule.

*   `enabled` - (Optional) Is the Action Rule enabled? Defaults to `true`.

*   `scope` - (Optional) A `scope` block as defined below.

*   `condition` - (Optional) A `condition` block as defined below.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

***

The `suppression` block supports the following:

*   `recurrenceType` - (Required) Specifies the type of suppression. Possible values are `always`, `daily`, `monthly`, `once`, and `weekly`.

*   `schedule` - (Optional) A `schedule` block as defined below. Required if `recurrenceType` is `daily`, `monthly`, `once` or `weekly`.

***

The `schedule` block supports the following:

*   `startDateUtc` - (Required) specifies the recurrence UTC start datetime (Y-m-d'T'H:M:S'Z').

*   `endDateUtc` - (Required) specifies the recurrence UTC end datetime (Y-m-d'T'H:M:S'Z').

*   `recurrenceWeekly` - (Optional) specifies the list of dayOfWeek to recurrence. Possible values are `sunday`, `monday`, `tuesday`, `wednesday`, `thursday`, `friday` and `saturday`.

*   `recurrenceMonthly` - (Optional) specifies the list of dayOfMonth to recurrence. Possible values are between `1` - `31`. Required if `recurrenceType` is `monthly`.

***

The `scope` block supports the following:

*   `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of target scope. Possible values are `resourceGroup` and `resource`.

*   `resourceIds` - (Required) A list of resource IDs of the given scope type which will be the target of action rule.

***

The `condition` block supports the following:

*   `alertContext` - (Optional) A `alertContext` block as defined below.

*   `alertRuleId` - (Optional) A `alertRuleId` block as defined below.

*   `description` - (Optional) A `description` block as defined below.

*   `monitor` - (Optional) A `monitor` block as defined below.

*   `monitorService` - (Optional) A `monitorService` as block defined below.

*   `severity` - (Optional) A `severity` block as defined below.

*   `targetResourceType` - (Optional) A `targetResourceType` block as defined below.

***

The `alertContext` block supports the following:

*   `operator` - (Required) The operator for a given condition. Possible values are `equals`, `notEquals`, `contains`, and `doesNotContain`.

*   `values` - (Required) A list of values to match for a given condition.

***

The `alertRuleId` block supports the following:

*   `operator` - (Required) The operator for a given condition. Possible values are `equals`, `notEquals`, `contains`, and `doesNotContain`.

*   `values` - (Required) A list of values to match for a given condition.

***

The `description` block supports the following:

*   `operator` - (Required) The operator for a given condition. Possible values are `equals`, `notEquals`, `contains`, and `doesNotContain`.

*   `values` - (Required) A list of values to match for a given condition.

***

The `monitor` block supports the following:

*   `operator` - (Required) The operator for a given condition. Possible values are `equals` and `notEquals`.

*   `values` - (Required) A list of values to match for a given condition. Possible values are `fired` and `resolved`.

***

The `monitorService` block supports the following:

*   `operator` - (Required) The operator for a given condition. Possible values are `equals` and `notEquals`.

*   `values` - (Required) A list of values to match for a given condition. Possible values are `activityLogAdministrative`, `activityLogAutoscale`, `activityLogPolicy`, `activityLogRecommendation`, `activityLogSecurity`, `applicationInsights`, `azureBackup`, `azureStackEdge`, `azureStackHub`, `custom`, `dataBoxGateway`, `healthPlatform`, `logAlertsV2`, `logAnalytics`, `platform`, `resourceHealth`, `smartDetector` and `vmInsightsHealth`.

***

The `severity` block supports the following:

*   `operator` - (Required) The operator for a given condition. Possible values are `equals`and `notEquals`.

*   `values` - (Required) A list of values to match for a given condition. Possible values are `sev0`, `sev1`, `sev2`, `sev3`, and `sev4`.

***

The `targetResourceType` block supports the following:

*   `operator` - (Required) The operator for a given condition. Possible values are `equals` and `notEquals`.

*   `values` - (Required) A list of values to match for a given condition. The values should be valid resource types.

***

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Monitor Action Rule.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Monitor Action Rule.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Monitor Action Rule.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Monitor Action Rule.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Monitor Action Rule.

## Import

Monitor Action Rule can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_monitor_action_rule_suppression.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.AlertsManagement/actionRules/actionRule1
```
