---
subcategory: "Policy"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_policy_set_definition"
description: |-
  Manages a policy set definition.
---

# azurermPolicySetDefinition

Manages a policy set definition.

\-> **NOTE:**  Policy set definitions (also known as policy initiatives) do not take effect until they are assigned to a scope using a Policy Set Assignment.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.policySetDefinition.PolicySetDefinition(this, "example", {
  display_name: "Test Policy Set",
  name: "testPolicySet",
  parameters:
    '    {\n        "allowedLocations": {\n            "type": "Array",\n            "metadata": {\n                "description": "The list of allowed locations for resources.",\n                "displayName": "Allowed locations",\n                "strongType": "location"\n            }\n        }\n    }\n',
  policy_definition_reference: [
    {
      parameter_values:
        '    {\n      "listOfAllowedLocations": {"value": "[parameters(\'allowedLocations\')]"}\n    }\n',
      policy_definition_id:
        "/providers/Microsoft.Authorization/policyDefinitions/e765b5de-1225-4ba3-bd56-1ac6695af988",
    },
  ],
  policy_type: "Custom",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the policy set definition. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `policyType` - (Required) The policy set type. Possible values are `builtIn`, `custom`, `notSpecified` and `static`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `displayName` - (Required) The display name of the policy set definition.

*   `policyDefinitionReference` - (Required) One or more `policyDefinitionReference` blocks as defined below.

*   `policyDefinitionGroup` - (Optional) One or more `policyDefinitionGroup` blocks as defined below.

*   `description` - (Optional) The description of the policy set definition.

*   `managementGroupId` - (Optional) The id of the Management Group where this policy set definition should be defined. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `metadata` - (Optional) The metadata for the policy set definition. This is a JSON object representing additional metadata that should be stored with the policy definition.

*   `parameters` - (Optional) Parameters for the policy set definition. This field is a JSON object that allows you to parameterize your policy definition.

***

A `policyDefinitionReference` block supports the following:

*   `policyDefinitionId` - (Required) The ID of the policy definition that will be included in this policy set definition.

*   `parameterValues` - (Optional) Parameter values for the referenced policy rule. This field is a JSON string that allows you to assign parameters to this policy rule.

*   `referenceId` - (Optional) A unique ID within this policy set definition for this policy definition reference.

*   `policyGroupNames` - (Optional) A list of names of the policy definition groups that this policy definition reference belongs to.

***

An `policyDefinitionGroup` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of this policy definition group.

*   `displayName` - (Optional) The display name of this policy definition group.

*   `category` - (Optional) The category of this policy definition group.

*   `description` - (Optional) The description of this policy definition group.

*   `additionalMetadataResourceId` - (Optional) The ID of a resource that contains additional metadata about this policy definition group.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Policy Set Definition.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Policy Set Definition.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Policy Set Definition.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Policy Set Definition.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Policy Set Definition.

## Import

Policy Set Definitions can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_policy_set_definition.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/providers/Microsoft.Authorization/policySetDefinitions/testPolicySet
```

or

```console
terraform import azurerm_policy_set_definition.example /providers/Microsoft.Management/managementGroups/my-mgmt-group-id/providers/Microsoft.Authorization/policySetDefinitions/testPolicySet
```
