---
subcategory: "Portal"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_portal_tenant_configuration"
description: |-
  Manages Portal Tenant Configuration.
---

# azurermPortalTenantConfiguration

Manages Portal Tenant Configuration.

\~> **Note:** User has to be `contributor` or `owner` at scope `/` for managing this resource.

\~> **Note:** The Service Principal with Tenant Admin can be created by `azAdSpCreateForRbacName "<spName>"Role="contributor"Scopes="/"`.

\~> **Note:** The Service Principal can be granted Tenant Admin permission by `azRoleAssignmentCreateAssignee "<appId>"Role "contributor"Scope "/"`.

\~> **Note:** While assigning the role to the existing/new Service Principal at the Tenant Scope, the user assigning role must already have the `owner` role assigned at the Tenant Scope.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.portalTenantConfiguration.PortalTenantConfiguration(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    private_markdown_storage_enforced: true,
  }
);

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `privateMarkdownStorageEnforced` - (Required) Is the private tile markdown storage which used to display custom dynamic and static content enabled?

\~> **Note:** When `privateMarkdownStorageEnforced` is set to `true`, only external storage configuration (URI) is allowed for Markdown tiles. Inline content configuration will be prohibited.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Portal Tenant Configuration.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Portal Tenant Configuration.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Portal Tenant Configuration.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Portal Tenant Configuration.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Portal Tenant Configuration.

## Import

Portal Tenant Configurations can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_portal_tenant_configuration.example /providers/Microsoft.Portal/tenantConfigurations/default
```
