---
subcategory: "Private DNS"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_private_dns_zone"
description: |-
  Manages a Private DNS Zone.
---

# azurermPrivateDnsZone

Enables you to manage Private DNS zones within Azure DNS. These zones are hosted on Azure's name servers.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermPrivateDnsZoneExample = new azurerm.privateDnsZone.PrivateDnsZone(
  this,
  "example_1",
  {
    name: "mydomain.com",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermPrivateDnsZoneExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Private DNS Zone. Must be a valid domain name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

\-> **NOTE:** If you are going to be using the Private DNS Zone with a Private Endpoint the name of the Private DNS Zone must follow the **Private DNS Zone name** schema in the [product documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/private-link/private-endpoint-dns#virtual-network-and-on-premises-workloads-using-a-dns-forwarder) in order for the two resources to be connected successfully.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) Specifies the resource group where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `soaRecord` - (Optional) An `soaRecord` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

***

The `soaRecord` block supports:

*   `email` - (Required) The email contact for the SOA record.

*   `expireTime` - (Optional) The expire time for the SOA record. Defaults to `2419200`.

*   `minimumTtl` - (Optional) The minimum Time To Live for the SOA record. By convention, it is used to determine the negative caching duration. Defaults to `10`.

*   `refreshTime` - (Optional) The refresh time for the SOA record. Defaults to `3600`.

*   `retryTime` - (Optional) The retry time for the SOA record. Defaults to `300`.

*   `ttl` - (Optional) The Time To Live of the SOA Record in seconds. Defaults to `3600`.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the Record Set.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The Private DNS Zone ID.
* `soaRecord` - A `soaRecord` block as defined below.
* `numberOfRecordSets` - The current number of record sets in this Private DNS zone.
* `maxNumberOfRecordSets` - The maximum number of record sets that can be created in this Private DNS zone.
* `maxNumberOfVirtualNetworkLinks` - The maximum number of virtual networks that can be linked to this Private DNS zone.
* `maxNumberOfVirtualNetworkLinksWithRegistration` - The maximum number of virtual networks that can be linked to this Private DNS zone with registration enabled.

***

A `soaRecord` block exports the following:

*   `fqdn` - The fully qualified domain name of the Record Set.

*   `hostName` - The domain name of the authoritative name server for the SOA record.

*   `serialNumber` - The serial number for the SOA record.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Private DNS Zone.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Private DNS Zone.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Private DNS Zone.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Private DNS Zone.

## Import

Private DNS Zones can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_private_dns_zone.zone1 /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.Network/privateDnsZones/zone1
```
