---
subcategory: "App Service (Web Apps)"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_static_site"
description: |-
  Manages a Static Site.
---

# azurermStaticSite

Manages an App Service Static Site.

\->**NOTE:** After the Static Site is provisioned, you'll need to associate your target repository, which contains your web app, to the Static Site, by following the [Azure Static Site document](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/static-web-apps/github-actions-workflow).

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.staticSite.StaticSite(this, "example", {
  location: "West Europe",
  name: "example",
  resource_group_name: "example",
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Static Web App. Changing this forces a new Static Web App to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Static Web App should exist. Changing this forces a new Static Web App to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Static Web App should exist. Changing this forces a new Static Web App to be created.

*   `skuTier` - (Optional) Specifies the SKU tier of the Static Web App. Possible values are `free` or `standard`. Defaults to `free`.

*   `skuSize` - (Optional) Specifies the SKU size of the Static Web App. Possible values are `free` or `standard`. Defaults to `free`.

*   `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

***

An `identity` block supports the following:

*   `type` - (Required) The Type of Managed Identity assigned to this Static Site resource. Possible values are `systemAssigned`, `userAssigned` and `systemAssigned,UserAssigned`.

*   `identityIds` - (Optional) A list of Managed Identity IDs which should be assigned to this Static Site resource.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Static Web App.

*   `apiKey` - The API key of this Static Web App, which is used for later interacting with this Static Web App from other clients, e.g. GitHub Action.

*   `defaultHostName` - The default host name of the Static Web App.

*   `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below which contains the Managed Service Identity information for this resource.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `type` - (Required) The Type of Managed Identity assigned to this resource. Possible values are `systemAssigned`, `userAssigned` and `systemAssigned,UserAssigned`.

*   `principalId` - (Optional) The Principal ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

\-> You can access the Principal ID via `azurermStaticSiteExampleIdentity0PrincipalId`

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Static Web App.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Static Web App.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Static Web App.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Static Web App.

## Import

Static Web Apps can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_static_site.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.Web/staticSites/my-static-site1
```
