---
subcategory: "VMware (AVS)"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_vmware_private_cloud"
description: |-
  Manages a VMware Private Cloud.
---

# azurermVmwarePrivateCloud

Manages a VMware Private Cloud.

## Example Usage

\~> **NOTE :**  Normal `terraformApply` could ignore this note. Please disable correlation request id for continuous operations in one build (like acctest). The continuous operations like `update` or `delete` could not be triggered when it shares the same `correlationId` with its previous operation.

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.provider.AzurermProvider(this, "azurerm", {
  disable_correlation_request_id: true,
  features: [{}],
});
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermVmwarePrivateCloudExample =
  new azurerm.vmwarePrivateCloud.VmwarePrivateCloud(this, "example_2", {
    internet_connection_enabled: false,
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    management_cluster: [
      {
        size: 3,
      },
    ],
    name: "example-vmware-private-cloud",
    network_subnet_cidr: "192.168.48.0/22",
    nsxt_password: "QazWsx13$Edc",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    sku_name: "av36",
    vcenter_password: "WsxEdc23$Rfv",
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermVmwarePrivateCloudExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this VMware Private Cloud. Changing this forces a new VMware Private Cloud to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the VMware Private Cloud should exist. Changing this forces a new VMware Private Cloud to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the VMware Private Cloud should exist. Changing this forces a new VMware Private Cloud to be created.

*   `managementCluster` - (Required) A `managementCluster` block as defined below.
    \~> **NOTE :** `internetConnectionEnabled` and `managementCluster0Size` cannot be updated at the same time.

*   `networkSubnetCidr` - (Required) The subnet which should be unique across virtual network in your subscription as well as on-premise. Changing this forces a new VMware Private Cloud to be created.

*   `skuName` - (Required) The Name of the SKU used for this Private Cloud. Possible values are `av20`, `av36`, `av36T`, `av36P` and `av52`. Changing this forces a new VMware Private Cloud to be created.

*   `internetConnectionEnabled` - (Optional) Is the Private Cluster connected to the internet? This field can not updated with `managementCluster0Size` together.
    \~> **NOTE :** `internetConnectionEnabled` and `managementCluster0Size` cannot be updated at the same time.

*   `nsxtPassword` - (Optional) The password of the NSX-T Manager. Changing this forces a new VMware Private Cloud to be created.

*   `vcenterPassword` - (Optional) The password of the vCenter admin. Changing this forces a new VMware Private Cloud to be created.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the VMware Private Cloud.

***

A `managementCluster` block supports the following:

* `size` - (Required) The size of the management cluster. This field can not updated with `internetConnectionEnabled` together.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the VMware Private Cloud.

*   `circuit` - A `circuit` block as defined below.

*   `hcxCloudManagerEndpoint` - The endpoint for the HCX Cloud Manager.

*   `nsxtManagerEndpoint` - The endpoint for the NSX-T Data Center manager.

*   `vcsaEndpoint` - The endpoint for Virtual Center Server Appliance.

*   `nsxtCertificateThumbprint` - The thumbprint of the NSX-T Manager SSL certificate.

*   `vcenterCertificateThumbprint` - The thumbprint of the vCenter Server SSL certificate.

*   `managementSubnetCidr` - The network used to access vCenter Server and NSX-T Manager.

*   `provisioningSubnetCidr` - The network which is used for virtual machine cold migration, cloning, and snapshot migration.

*   `vmotionSubnetCidr` - The network which is used for live migration of virtual machines.

***

A `circuit` block exports the following:

*   `expressRouteId` - The ID of the ExpressRoute Circuit.

*   `expressRoutePrivatePeeringId` - The ID of the ExpressRoute Circuit private peering.

*   `primarySubnetCidr` - The CIDR of the primary subnet.

*   `secondarySubnetCidr` - The CIDR of the secondary subnet.

***

A `managementCluster` block exports the following:

*   `id` - The ID of the management cluster.

*   `hosts` - A list of hosts in the management cluster.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 10 hours) Used when creating the VMware Private Cloud.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the VMware Private Cloud.
* `update` - (Defaults to 10 hours) Used when updating the VMware Private Cloud.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 10 hours) Used when deleting the VMware Private Cloud.

## Import

VMware Private Clouds can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_vmware_private_cloud.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.AVS/privateClouds/privateCloud1
```
