---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_web_pubsub"
description: |-
  Manages an Azure Web PubSub service.
---

# azurermWebPubsub

Manages an Azure Web PubSub Service.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "east us",
    name: "terraform-webpubsub",
  }
);
const azurermWebPubsubExample = new azurerm.webPubsub.WebPubsub(
  this,
  "example_1",
  {
    capacity: 1,
    identity: [
      {
        type: "SystemAssigned",
      },
    ],
    live_trace: [
      {
        connectivity_logs_enabled: false,
        enabled: true,
        messaging_logs_enabled: true,
      },
    ],
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "tfex-webpubsub",
    public_network_access_enabled: false,
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    sku: "Standard_S1",
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermWebPubsubExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the Web PubSub service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which to create the Web PubSub service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the Web PubSub service exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `sku` - (Required) Specifies which SKU to use. Possible values are `freeF1` and `standardS1`.

*   `capacity` - (Optional) Specifies the number of units associated with this Web PubSub resource. Valid values are: Free: `1`, Standard: `1`, `2`, `5`, `10`, `20`, `50`, `100`.

*   `publicNetworkAccessEnabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable public network access? Defaults to `true`.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

*   `liveTrace` - (Optional) A `liveTrace` block as defined below.

*   `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

*   `localAuthEnabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable local auth? Defaults to `true`.

*   `aadAuthEnabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable AAD auth? Defaults to `true`.

*   `tlsClientCertEnabled` - (Optional) Whether to request client certificate during TLS handshake? Defaults to `false`.

***

A `liveTrace` block supports the following:

*   `enabled` - (Optional) Whether the live trace is enabled? Defaults to `true`.

*   `messagingLogsEnabled` - (Optional) Whether the log category `messagingLogs` is enabled? Defaults to `true`

*   `connectivityLogsEnabled` - (Optional) Whether the log category `connectivityLogs` is enabled? Defaults to `true`

*   `httpRequestLogsEnabled` - (Optional) Whether the log category `httpRequestLogs` is enabled? Defaults to `true`

***

An `identity` block supports the following:

*   `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this Web PubSub. Possible values are `systemAssigned`, `userAssigned`.

*   `identityIds` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this Web PubSub.

\~> **NOTE:** This is required when `type` is set to `userAssigned`

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Web PubSub service.

*   `hostname` - The FQDN of the Web PubSub service.

*   `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below.

*   `externalIp` - The publicly accessible IP of the Web PubSub service.

*   `publicPort` - The publicly accessible port of the Web PubSub service which is designed for browser/client use.

*   `serverPort` - The publicly accessible port of the Web PubSub service which is designed for customer server side use.

*   `primaryAccessKey` - The primary access key for the Web PubSub service.

*   `primaryConnectionString` - The primary connection string for the Web PubSub service.

*   `secondaryAccessKey` - The secondary access key for the Web PubSub service.

*   `secondaryConnectionString` - The secondary connection string for the Web PubSub service.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to
specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Web PubSub Service.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Web PubSub Service.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Web PubSub Service.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Web PubSub Service.

## Import

Web PubSub services can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```console
terraform import azurerm_web_pubsub.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.SignalRService/webPubSub/pubsub1
```
