---
subcategory: "Active Directory Domain Services"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_active_directory_domain_service"
description: |-
  Gets information about an Active Directory Domain Service.
---

# Data Source: azurerm\_active\_directory\_domain\_service

Gets information about an Active Directory Domain Service.

\-> **Supported Modes:** At present this data source only supports **User Forest** mode and *not* **Resource Forest** mode. [Read more](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory-domain-services/concepts-resource-forest) about the different operation modes for this service.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.dataAzurermActiveDirectoryDomainService.DataAzurermActiveDirectoryDomainService(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    name: "example-aadds",
    resource_group_name: "example-aadds-rg",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

*   `name` - (Required) The display name for your managed Active Directory Domain Service resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group in which the Domain Service should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

*   `id` - The ID of the Domain Service.

*   `deploymentId` - A unique ID for the managed domain deployment.

*   `domainConfigurationType` - The forest type used by the managed domain. One of `resourceTrusting`, for a *Resource Forest*, or blank, for a *User Forest*.

*   `domainName` - The Active Directory domain of the Domain Service. See [official documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory-domain-services/tutorial-create-instance#create-a-managed-domain) for constraints and recommendations.

*   `filteredSyncEnabled` - Whether group-based filtered sync (also called scoped synchronisation) is enabled.

*   `secureLdap` - A `secureLdap` block as defined below.

*   `location` - The Azure location where the Domain Service exists.

*   `notifications` - A `notifications` block as defined below.

*   `replicaSets` - One or more `replicaSet` blocks as defined below.

*   `security` - A `security` block as defined below.

*   `sku` - The SKU of the Domain Service resource. One of `standard`, `enterprise` or `premium`.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the resource.

***

A `secureLdap` block exports the following:

*   `enabled` - Whether secure LDAP is enabled for the managed domain.

*   `externalAccessEnabled` - Whether external access to LDAPS over the Internet, is enabled.

*   `externalAccessIpAddress` - The publicly routable IP address for LDAPS clients to connect to.

*   `pfxCertificate` - The certificate to use for LDAPS, as a base64-encoded TripleDES-SHA1 encrypted PKCS#12 bundle (PFX file).

***

A `notifications` block exports the following:

*   `additionalRecipients` - A list of additional email addresses to notify when there are alerts in the managed domain.

*   `notifyDcAdmins` - Whethermembers of the *AAD DC Administrators* group are notified when there are alerts in the managed domain.

*   `notifyGlobalAdmins` - Whether all Global Administrators are notified when there are alerts in the managed domain.

***

A `replicaSet` block exports the following:

*   `domainControllerIpAddresses` - A list of subnet IP addresses for the domain controllers in the replica set, typically two.

*   `externalAccessIpAddress` - The publicly routable IP address for the domain controllers in the replica set.

*   `location` - The Azure location in which the replica set resides.

*   `replicaSetId` - A unique ID for the replica set.

*   `serviceStatus` - The current service status for the replica set.

*   `subnetId` - The ID of the subnet in which the replica set resides.

***

A `security` block exports the following:

*   `kerberosArmoringEnabled` - (Optional) Whether the Kerberos Armoring is enabled.

*   `kerberosRc4EncryptionEnabled` - (Optional) Whether the Kerberos RC4 Encryption is enabled.

*   `ntlmV1Enabled` - Whether legacy NTLM v1 support is enabled.

*   `syncKerberosPasswords` - Whether Kerberos password hashes are synchronized to the managed domain.

*   `syncNtlmPasswords` - Whether NTLM password hashes are synchronized to the managed domain.

*   `syncOnPremPasswords` - Whether on-premises password hashes are synchronized to the managed domain.

*   `tlsV1Enabled` - Whether legacy TLS v1 support is enabled.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Domain Service.
