---
subcategory: "API Management"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_api_management_api"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing API Management API.
---

# Data Source: azurerm\_api\_management\_api

Use this data source to access information about an existing API Management API.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermApiManagementApiExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermApiManagementApi.DataAzurermApiManagementApi(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      api_management_name: "search-api-management",
      name: "search-api",
      resource_group_name: "search-service",
      revision: "2",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "api_management_api_id", {
  value: dataAzurermApiManagementApiExample.id,
});

```

## Argument Reference

*   `name` - The name of the API Management API.

*   `apiManagementName` - The name of the API Management Service in which the API Management API exists.

*   `resourceGroupName` - The Name of the Resource Group in which the API Management Service exists.

*   `revision` - The Revision of the API Management API.

## Attributes Reference

*   `id` - The ID of the API Management API.

*   `description` - A description of the API Management API, which may include HTML formatting tags.

*   `displayName` - The display name of the API.

*   `isCurrent` - Is this the current API Revision?

*   `isOnline` - Is this API Revision online/accessible via the Gateway?

*   `path` - The Path for this API Management API.

*   `protocols` - A list of protocols the operations in this API can be invoked.

*   `serviceUrl` - Absolute URL of the backend service implementing this API.

*   `soapPassThrough` - Should this API expose a SOAP frontend, rather than a HTTP frontend?

*   `subscriptionKeyParameterNames` - A `subscriptionKeyParameterNames` block as documented below.

*   `subscriptionRequired` - Should this API require a subscription key?

*   `version` - The Version number of this API, if this API is versioned.

*   `versionSetId` - The ID of the Version Set which this API is associated with.

***

A `subscriptionKeyParameterNames` block exports the following:

*   `header` - The name of the HTTP Header which should be used for the Subscription Key.

*   `query` - The name of the QueryString parameter which should be used for the Subscription Key.

***

A `wsdlSelector` block exports the following:

*   `serviceName` - The name of service to import from WSDL.

*   `endpointName` - The name of endpoint (port) to import from WSDL.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the API Management API.
