---
subcategory: "App Service (Web Apps)"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_app_service_plan"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing App Service Plan.
---

# Data Source: azurerm\_app\_service\_plan

Use this data source to access information about an existing App Service Plan (formerly known as a `serverFarm`).

!> **Note:** The `azurermAppServicePlan` data source is deprecated in version 3.0 of the AzureRM provider and will be removed in version 4.0. Please use the [`azurermServicePlan`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/service_plan) data source instead.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermAppServicePlanExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermAppServicePlan.DataAzurermAppServicePlan(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "search-app-service-plan",
      resource_group_name: "search-service",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "app_service_plan_id", {
  value: dataAzurermAppServicePlanExample.id,
});

```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - The name of the App Service Plan.
* `resourceGroupName` - The Name of the Resource Group where the App Service Plan exists.

## Attributes Reference

*   `id` - The ID of the App Service Plan.

*   `location` - The Azure location where the App Service Plan exists

*   `kind` - The Operating System type of the App Service Plan

*   `sku` - A `sku` block as documented below.

*   `appServiceEnvironmentId` - The ID of the App Service Environment where the App Service Plan is located.

*   `maximumNumberOfWorkers` - Maximum number of instances that can be assigned to this App Service plan.

*   `reserved` - Is this App Service Plan `reserved`?

*   `perSiteScaling` - Can Apps assigned to this App Service Plan be scaled independently?

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the resource.

*   `maximumElasticWorkerCount` - The maximum number of total workers allowed for this ElasticScaleEnabled App Service Plan.

*   `isXenon` - A flag that indicates if it's a xenon plan (support for Windows Container)

*   `maximumNumberOfWorkers` - The maximum number of workers supported with the App Service Plan's sku.

*   `zoneRedundant` - App Service Plan perform availability zone balancing.

***

A `sku` block supports the following:

*   `tier` - Specifies the plan's pricing tier.

*   `size` - Specifies the plan's instance size.

*   `capacity` - Specifies the number of workers associated with this App Service Plan.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the App Service Plan.
