---
subcategory: "Confidential Ledger"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Confidential Ledger: azurerm_confidential_ledger"
description: |-
    Gets information about an existing Confidential Ledger.
---

# Data Source: azurerm\_confidential\_ledger

Gets information about an existing Confidential Ledger.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermConfidentialLedgerCurrent =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermConfidentialLedger.DataAzurermConfidentialLedger(
    this,
    "current",
    {
      name: "example-ledger",
      resource_group_name: "example-resources",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "ledger_endpoint", {
  value: dataAzurermConfidentialLedgerCurrent.ledgerEndpoint,
});

```

## Argument Reference

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of this Confidential Ledger.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Resource Group where this Confidential Ledger exists.

## Attributes Reference

*   `azureadServicePrincipal` - A list of `azureadServicePrincipal` blocks as defined below.

*   `certBasedSecurityPrincipals` - A list of `certBasedSecurityPrincipals` blocks as defined below.

*   `id` - The ID of this Confidential Ledger.

*   `identityServiceEndpoint` - The Identity Service Endpoint for this Confidential Ledger.

*   `ledgerEndpoint` - The Endpoint for this Confidential Ledger.

*   `location` - The supported Azure location where the Confidential Ledger exists.

*   `ledgerType` - The type of Confidential Ledger.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags to assign to the Confidential Ledger.

***

A `azureadBasedServicePrincipal` block exports the following:

*   `ledgerRoleName` - The Ledger Role to grant this AzureAD Service Principal.

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID of the AzureAD Service Principal.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID for this AzureAD Service Principal.

***

A `certificateBasedSecurityPrincipal` block exports the following:

*   `ledgerRoleName` - The Ledger Role to grant this Certificate Security Principal.

*   `pemPublicKey` - The public key, in PEM format, of the certificate used by this identity to authenticate with the Confidential Ledger.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Confidential Ledger.
