---
subcategory: "CosmosDB (DocumentDB)"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_cosmosdb_restorable_database_accounts"
description: |-
  Gets information about Cosmos DB Restorable Database Accounts.
---

# Data Source: azurerm\_cosmosdb\_restorable\_database\_accounts

Use this data source to access information about Cosmos DB Restorable Database Accounts.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermCosmosdbRestorableDatabaseAccountsExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermCosmosdbRestorableDatabaseAccounts.DataAzurermCosmosdbRestorableDatabaseAccounts(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      location: "West Europe",
      name: "example-ca",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
  value: dataAzurermCosmosdbRestorableDatabaseAccountsExample.id,
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of this Cosmos DB Database Account.

*   `location` - (Required) The location where the Cosmos DB Database Account.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Cosmos DB Restorable Database Accounts.

*   `accounts` - One or more `accounts` blocks as defined below.

***

An `accounts` block exports the following:

*   `id` - The ID of the Cosmos DB Restorable Database Account.

*   `apiType` - The API type of the Cosmos DB Restorable Database Account.

*   `creationTime` - The creation time of the Cosmos DB Restorable Database Account.

*   `deletionTime` - The deletion time of the Cosmos DB Restorable Database Account.

*   `restorableLocations` - One or more `restorableLocations` blocks as defined below.

***

An `restorableLocations` block exports the following:

*   `creationTime` - The creation time of the regional Cosmos DB Restorable Database Account.

*   `deletionTime` - The deletion time of the regional Cosmos DB Restorable Database Account.

*   `location` - The location of the regional Cosmos DB Restorable Database Account.

*   `regionalDatabaseAccountInstanceId` - The instance ID of the regional Cosmos DB Restorable Database Account.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Cosmos DB Restorable Database Accounts.
