---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_eventhub_namespace_authorization_rule"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Authorization Rule for an Event Hub Namespace.
---

# Data Source: azurerm\_eventhub\_namespace\_authorization\_rule

Use this data source to access information about an Authorization Rule for an Event Hub Namespace.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "eventhub_authorization_rule_id", {
  value: "${data.azurem_eventhub_namespace_authorization_rule.example.id}",
});
new azurerm.dataAzurermEventhubNamespaceAuthorizationRule.DataAzurermEventhubNamespaceAuthorizationRule(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    name: "navi",
    namespace_name: "example-ns",
    resource_group_name: "example-resources",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - The name of the EventHub Authorization Rule resource.

*   `resourceGroupName` - The name of the resource group in which the EventHub Namespace exists.

*   `namespaceName` - Specifies the name of the EventHub Namespace.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The EventHub ID.

*   `primaryConnectionStringAlias` - The alias of the Primary Connection String for the Event Hubs authorization Rule.

*   `secondaryConnectionStringAlias` - The alias of the Secondary Connection String for the Event Hubs authorization Rule.

*   `listen` - Does this Authorization Rule have permissions to Listen to the Event Hub?

*   `manage` - Does this Authorization Rule have permissions to Manage to the Event Hub?

*   `primaryConnectionString` - The Primary Connection String for the Event Hubs authorization Rule.

*   `primaryKey` - The Primary Key for the Event Hubs authorization Rule.

*   `secondaryConnectionString` - The Secondary Connection String for the Event Hubs authorization Rule.

*   `secondaryKey` - The Secondary Key for the Event Hubs authorization Rule.

*   `send` - Does this Authorization Rule have permissions to Send to the Event Hub?

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Authorization Rule.
