---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_eventgrid_domain"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing EventGrid Domain

---

# Data Source: azurerm\_eventgrid\_domain

Use this data source to access information about an existing EventGrid Domain

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermEventgridDomainExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermEventgridDomain.DataAzurermEventgridDomain(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "my-eventgrid-domain",
      resource_group_name: "example-resources",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "eventgrid_domain_mapping_topic", {
  value: `\${${dataAzurermEventgridDomainExample.inputMappingFields}.0.topic}`,
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the EventGrid Domain resource.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which the EventGrid Domain exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the EventGrid Domain.

*   `location` - The Azure Region in which this EventGrid Domain exists.

*   `endpoint` - The Endpoint associated with the EventGrid Domain.

*   `primaryAccessKey` - The primary access key associated with the EventGrid Domain.

*   `secondaryAccessKey` - The secondary access key associated with the EventGrid Domain.

*   `inputSchema` - The schema in which incoming events will be published to this domain. Possible values are `cloudEventSchemaV10`, `customEventSchema`, or `eventGridSchema`.

*   `inputMappingFields` - A `inputMappingFields` block as defined below.

*   `inputMappingDefaultValues` - A `inputMappingDefaultValues` block as defined below.

*   `publicNetworkAccessEnabled` - Whether or not public network access is allowed for this server.

*   `inboundIpRule` - One or more `inboundIpRule` blocks as defined below.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the EventGrid Domain.

***

A `inputMappingFields` supports the following:

*   `id` - Specifies the id of the EventGrid Event associated with the domain.

*   `topic` - Specifies the topic of the EventGrid Event associated with the domain.

*   `eventType` - Specifies the event type of the EventGrid Event associated with the domain.

*   `eventTime` - Specifies the event time of the EventGrid Event associated with the domain.

*   `dataVersion` - Specifies the data version of the EventGrid Event associated with the domain.

*   `subject` - Specifies the subject of the EventGrid Event associated with the domain.

***

A `inputMappingDefaultValues` supports the following:

*   `eventType` - Specifies the default event type of the EventGrid Event associated with the domain.

*   `dataVersion` - Specifies the default data version of the EventGrid Event associated with the domain.

*   `subject` - Specifies the default subject of the EventGrid Event associated with the domain.

***

A `inboundIpRule` block supports the following:

*   `ipMask` - The IP mask (CIDR) to match on.

*   `action` - The action to take when the rule is matched. Possible values are `allow`.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the EventGrid Domain.
