---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_eventgrid_system_topic"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing EventGrid System Topic

---

# Data Source: azurerm\_eventgrid\_system\_topic

Use this data source to access information about an existing EventGrid System Topic

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.dataAzurermEventgridSystemTopic.DataAzurermEventgridSystemTopic(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    name: "eventgrid-system-topic",
    resource_group_name: "example-resources",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - The name of the EventGrid System Topic resource.

*   `resourceGroupName` - The name of the resource group in which the EventGrid System Topic exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The EventGrid System Topic ID.

*   `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below, which contains the Managed Service Identity information for this Event Grid System Topic.

*   `metricArmResourceId` - The Metric ARM Resource ID of the Event Grid System Topic.

*   `sourceArmResourceId` - The ID of the Event Grid System Topic ARM Source.

*   `topicType` - The Topic Type of the Event Grid System Topic.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags which are assigned to the Event Grid System Topic.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `type` - The type of Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Event Grid System Topic.

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Event Grid System Topic.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Event Grid System Topic.

*   `identityIds` - The list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs assigned to this Event Grid System Topic.

***

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the EventGrid System Topic.
