---
subcategory: "Network"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_firewall"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Azure Firewall.

---

# Data Source: azurerm\_firewall

Use this data source to access information about an existing Azure Firewall.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermFirewallExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermFirewall.DataAzurermFirewall(this, "example", {
    name: "firewall1",
    resource_group_name: "firewall-RG",
  });
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "firewall_private_ip", {
  value: `\${${dataAzurermFirewallExample.ipConfiguration.fqn}[0].private_ip_address}`,
});

```

## Argument Reference

*   `name` - The name of the Azure Firewall.

*   `resourceGroupName` - The name of the Resource Group in which the Azure Firewall exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Azure Firewall.

*   `location` - The Azure location where the Azure Firewall exists.

*   `skuName` - The SKU name of the Azure Firewall.

*   `skuTier` - The SKU tier of the Azure Firewall.

*   `firewallPolicyId` - The ID of the Firewall Policy applied to the Azure Firewall.

*   `ipConfiguration` - A `ipConfiguration` block as defined below.

*   `dnsServers` - The list of DNS servers that the Azure Firewall will direct DNS traffic to for name resolution.

*   `managementIpConfiguration` - A `managementIpConfiguration` block as defined below, which allows force-tunnelling of traffic to be performed by the firewall.

*   `threatIntelMode` - The operation mode for threat intelligence-based filtering.

*   `virtualHub` - A `virtualHub` block as defined below.

*   `zones` - A list of Availability Zones in which this Azure Firewall is located.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Azure Firewall.

***

A `ipConfiguration` block exports the following:

*   `subnetId` - The ID of the Subnet where the Azure Firewall is deployed.

*   `privateIpAddress` - The Private IP Address of the Azure Firewall.

*   `publicIpAddressId`- The ID of the Public IP address of the Azure Firewall.

***

A `managementIpConfiguration` block exports the following:

*   `subnetId` - The ID of the Subnet where the Azure Firewall is deployed.

*   `privateIpAddress` - The Private IP Address of the Azure Firewall.

*   `publicIpAddressId`- The ID of the Public IP address of the Azure Firewall.

***

A `virtualHub` block exports the following:

*   `virtualHubId` - The ID of the Virtual Hub where the Azure Firewall resides in.

*   `publicIpCount` - The number of public IPs assigned to the Azure Firewall.

*   `publicIpAddresses` - The list of public IP addresses associated with the Azure Firewall.

*   `privateIpAddress` - The private IP address associated with the Azure Firewall.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Firewall.
