---
subcategory: "App Service (Web Apps)"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_function_app"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Function App.

---

# Data Source: azurerm\_function\_app

Use this data source to access information about a Function App.

!> **Note:** The `azurermFunctionApp` data source is deprecated in version 3.0 of the AzureRM provider and will be removed in version 4.0. Please use the [`azurermLinuxFunctionApp`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/linux_function_app) and [`azurermWindowsFunctionApp`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/windows_function_app) data sources instead.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.dataAzurermFunctionApp.DataAzurermFunctionApp(this, "example", {
  name: "test-azure-functions",
  resource_group_name: "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - The name of the Function App resource.

*   `resourceGroupName` - The name of the Resource Group where the Function App exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Function App

*   `appServicePlanId` - The ID of the App Service Plan within which to create this Function App.

*   `appSettings` - A key-value pair of App Settings.

*   `connectionString` - An `connectionString` block as defined below.

*   `customDomainVerificationId` - An identifier used by App Service to perform domain ownership verification via DNS TXT record.

*   `defaultHostname` - The default hostname associated with the Function App.

*   `enabled` - Is the Function App enabled?

*   `identity` - A `identity` block as defined below.

*   `siteCredential` - A `siteCredential` block as defined below, which contains the site-level credentials used to publish to this App Service.

*   `clientCertMode` - The mode of the Function App's client certificates requirement for incoming requests.

*   `osType` - A string indicating the Operating System type for this function app.

\~> **NOTE:** This value will be `linux` for Linux Derivatives, or an empty string for Windows.

*   `outboundIpAddresses` - A comma separated list of outbound IP addresses.

*   `possibleOutboundIpAddresses` - A comma separated list of outbound IP addresses, not all of which are necessarily in use. Superset of `outboundIpAddresses`.

*   `sourceControl` - A `sourceControl` block as defined below.

***

The `connectionString` supports the following:

* `name` - The name of the Connection String.
* `type` - The type of the Connection String.
* `value` - The value for the Connection String.

***

The `siteCredential` block exports the following:

* `username` - The username which can be used to publish to this App Service
* `password` - The password associated with the username, which can be used to publish to this App Service.

***

An `ipRestriction` block exports the following:

*   `ipAddress` - The IP Address used for this IP Restriction.

*   `serviceTag` - The Service Tag used for this IP Restriction.

*   `subnetMask` - The Subnet mask used for this IP Restriction.

*   `name` - The name for this IP Restriction.

*   `priority` - The priority for this IP Restriction.

*   `action` - Does this restriction `allow` or `deny` access for this IP range?

***

An `scmIpRestriction` block exports the following:

*   `ipAddress` - The IP Address used for this IP Restriction in CIDR notation.

*   `serviceTag` - The Service Tag used for this IP Restriction.

*   `virtualNetworkSubnetId` - The Virtual Network Subnet ID used for this IP Restriction.

*   `name` - The name for this IP Restriction.

*   `priority` - The priority for this IP Restriction.

*   `action` - Allow or Deny access for this IP range. Defaults to Allow.

***

A `siteConfig` block exports the following:

*   `alwaysOn` - Is the app loaded at all times?

*   `appScaleLimit` - The number of workers this function app can scale out to. Only applicable to apps on the Consumption and Premium plan.

*   `cors` - A `cors` block as defined above.

*   `dotnetFrameworkVersion` - The version of the .NET framework's CLR used in this App Service.

*   `elasticInstanceMinimum` - The number of minimum instances for this function app. Only applicable to apps on the Premium plan.

*   `http2Enabled` - Is HTTP2 Enabled on this App Service?

*   `ftpsState` - State of FTP / FTPS service for this AppService.

*   `ipRestriction` - One or more `ipRestriction` blocks as defined above.

*   `javaVersion` - Java version hosted by the function app in Azure.

*   `preWarmedInstanceCount` - The number of pre-warmed instances for this function app. Only applicable to apps on the Premium plan.

*   `runtimeScaleMonitoringEnabled` - Is Runtime Scale Monitoring Enabled on this function app?

*   `scmUseMainIpRestriction` - IP security restrictions for scm to use main.

*   `scmIpRestriction` - One or more `scmIpRestriction` blocks as defined above.

*   `linuxFxVersion` - Linux App Framework and version for the AppService.

*   `minTlsVersion` - The minimum supported TLS version for this App Service.

*   `scmType` - The type of Source Control enabled for this App Service.

*   `use32BitWorkerProcess` - Does the App Service run in 32 bit mode, rather than 64 bit mode?

*   `vnetRouteAllEnabled` - (Optional) Should all outbound traffic to have Virtual Network Security Groups and User Defined Routes applied?

*   `websocketsEnabled` - Are WebSockets enabled for this App Service?

***

A `sourceControl` block exports the following:

*   `repoUrl` -  The URL of the source code repository.

*   `branch` - The branch of the remote repository in use.

*   `manualIntegration` - Limits to manual integration.

*   `rollbackEnabled` - Is roll-back enabled for the repository.

*   `useMercurial` - Uses Mercurial if `true`, otherwise uses Git.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `identityIds` - A list of User Assigned Identity IDs assigned to the Function App.

*   `principalId` - The ID of the Managed Identity assigned to the Function App.

*   `tenantId` - The ID of the Tenant where the Managed Identity assigned to the Function App is located.

*   `type` - The identity type of the Managed Identity assigned to the Function App.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Function App.
