---
subcategory: "Compute"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_images"
description: |-
  Gets information about existing Images within a Resource Group.

---

# Data Source: azurerm\_images

Use this data source to access information about existing Images within a Resource Group.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.dataAzurermImages.DataAzurermImages(this, "example", {
  resource_group_name: "example-resources",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `resourceGroupName` - The name of the Resource Group in which the Image exists.

*   `tagsFilter` - A mapping of tags to filter the list of images against.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `images` - One or more `images` blocks as defined below:

***

A `images` block exports the following:

*   `name` - The name of the Image.

*   `location` - The supported Azure location where the Image exists.

*   `zoneResilient` - Is zone resiliency enabled?

*   `osDisk` - An `osDisk` block as defined below.

*   `dataDisk` - One or more `dataDisk` blocks as defined below.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Image.

***

The `osDisk` block exports the following:

*   `blobUri` - the URI in Azure storage of the blob used to create the image.

*   `caching` - the caching mode for the OS Disk.

*   `managedDiskId` - the ID of the Managed Disk used as the OS Disk Image.

*   `osState` - the State of the OS used in the Image.

*   `osType` - the type of Operating System used on the OS Disk.

*   `sizeGb` - the size of the OS Disk in GB.

***

The `dataDisk` block exports the following:

*   `blobUri` - the URI in Azure storage of the blob used to create the image.

*   `caching` - the caching mode for the Data Disk.

*   `lun` - the logical unit number of the data disk.

*   `managedDiskId` - the ID of the Managed Disk used as the Data Disk Image.

*   `sizeGb` - the size of this Data Disk in GB.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Images within a Resource Group.
