---
subcategory: "Key Vault"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_key_vault"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Key Vault.
---

# Data Source: azurerm\_key\_vault

Use this data source to access information about an existing Key Vault.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermKeyVaultExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermKeyVault.DataAzurermKeyVault(this, "example", {
    name: "mykeyvault",
    resource_group_name: "some-resource-group",
  });
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "vault_uri", {
  value: dataAzurermKeyVaultExample.vaultUri,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - Specifies the name of the Key Vault.

*   `resourceGroupName` - The name of the Resource Group in which the Key Vault exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The Vault ID.

*   `vaultUri` - The URI of the vault for performing operations on keys and secrets.

*   `location` - The Azure Region in which the Key Vault exists.

*   `tenantId` - The Azure Active Directory Tenant ID used for authenticating requests to the Key Vault.

*   `skuName` - The Name of the SKU used for this Key Vault.

*   `accessPolicy` - One or more `accessPolicy` blocks as defined below.

*   `enabledForDeployment` - Can Azure Virtual Machines retrieve certificates stored as secrets from the Key Vault?

*   `enabledForDiskEncryption` - Can Azure Disk Encryption retrieve secrets from the Key Vault?

*   `enabledForTemplateDeployment` - Can Azure Resource Manager retrieve secrets from the Key Vault?

*   `enableRbacAuthorization` - Is Role Based Access Control (RBAC) for authorization of data actions enabled on this Key Vault?

*   `purgeProtectionEnabled` - Is purge protection enabled on this Key Vault?

*   `publicNetworkAccessEnabled` - Is public network access enabled on this Key Vault?

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Key Vault.

A `accessPolicy` block supports the following:

*   `tenantId` - The Azure Active Directory Tenant ID used to authenticate requests for this Key Vault.

*   `objectId` - An Object ID of a User, Service Principal or Security Group.

*   `applicationId` - The Object ID of a Azure Active Directory Application.

*   `certificatePermissions` - A list of certificate permissions applicable to this Access Policy.

*   `keyPermissions` - A list of key permissions applicable to this Access Policy.

*   `secretPermissions` - A list of secret permissions applicable to this Access Policy.

*   `storagePermissions` - A list of storage permissions applicable to this Access Policy.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Key Vault.
