---
subcategory: "Container"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_kubernetes_cluster_node_pool"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Kubernetes Cluster Node Pool.
---

# Data Source: azurerm\_kubernetes\_cluster\_node\_pool

Use this data source to access information about an existing Kubernetes Cluster Node Pool.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermKubernetesClusterNodePoolExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermKubernetesClusterNodePool.DataAzurermKubernetesClusterNodePool(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      kubernetes_cluster_name: "existing-cluster",
      name: "existing",
      resource_group_name: "existing-resource-group",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
  value: dataAzurermKubernetesClusterNodePoolExample.id,
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `kubernetesClusterName` - (Required) The Name of the Kubernetes Cluster where this Node Pool is located.

*   `name` - (Required) The name of this Kubernetes Cluster Node Pool.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Kubernetes Cluster exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Kubernetes Cluster Node Pool.

*   `enableAutoScaling` - Does this Node Pool have Auto-Scaling enabled?

*   `enableNodePublicIp` - Do nodes in this Node Pool have a Public IP Address?

*   `evictionPolicy` - The eviction policy used for Virtual Machines in the Virtual Machine Scale Set, when `priority` is set to `spot`.

*   `hostGroupId` - The ID of a Dedicated Host Group that this Node Pool should be run on. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

\-> **Note:** This requires that the Preview Feature `microsoftContainerService/dedicatedHostGroupPreview` is enabled and the Resource Provider is re-registered, see [the documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-azure-dedicated-hosts#register-the-dedicatedhostgrouppreview-preview-feature) for more information.

*   `maxCount` - The maximum number of Nodes allowed when auto-scaling is enabled.

*   `maxPods` - The maximum number of Pods allowed on each Node in this Node Pool.

*   `minCount` - The minimum number of Nodes allowed when auto-scaling is enabled.

*   `mode` - The Mode for this Node Pool, specifying how these Nodes should be used (for either System or User resources).

*   `nodeCount` - The current number of Nodes in the Node Pool.

*   `nodeLabels` - A map of Kubernetes Labels applied to each Node in this Node Pool.

*   `nodePublicIpPrefixId` - Resource ID for the Public IP Addresses Prefix for the nodes in this Agent Pool.

*   `nodeTaints` - A map of Kubernetes Taints applied to each Node in this Node Pool.

*   `orchestratorVersion` - The version of Kubernetes configured on each Node in this Node Pool.

*   `osDiskSizeGb` - The size of the OS Disk on each Node in this Node Pool.

*   `osDiskType` - The type of the OS Disk on each Node in this Node Pool.

*   `osType` - The operating system used on each Node in this Node Pool.

*   `priority` - The priority of the Virtual Machines in the Virtual Machine Scale Set backing this Node Pool.

*   `proximityPlacementGroupId` - The ID of the Proximity Placement Group where the Virtual Machine Scale Set backing this Node Pool will be placed.

*   `spotMaxPrice` - The maximum price being paid for Virtual Machines in this Scale Set. `1` means the current on-demand price for a Virtual Machine.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Kubernetes Cluster Node Pool.

*   `upgradeSettings` - A `upgradeSettings` block as documented below.

*   `vmSize` - The size of the Virtual Machines used in the Virtual Machine Scale Set backing this Node Pool.

*   `vnetSubnetId` - The ID of the Subnet in which this Node Pool exists.

*   `zones` - A list of the Availability Zones where the Nodes in this Node Pool exist.

***

A `upgradeSettings` block exports the following:

* `maxSurge` - The maximum number or percentage of nodes which will be added to the Node Pool size during an upgrade.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Kubernetes Cluster Node Pool.
