---
subcategory: "Load Balancer"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_lb"
description: |-
  Get information about an existing Load Balancer

---

# Data Source: azurerm\_lb

Use this data source to access information about an existing Load Balancer

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermLbExample = new azurerm.dataAzurermLb.DataAzurermLb(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    name: "example-lb",
    resource_group_name: "example-resources",
  }
);
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "loadbalancer_id", {
  value: dataAzurermLbExample.id,
});

```

## Argument Reference

*   `name` - Specifies the name of the Load Balancer.

*   `resourceGroupName` - The name of the Resource Group in which the Load Balancer exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Load Balancer.

*   `frontendIpConfiguration` - A `frontendIpConfiguration` block as documented below.

*   `location` - The Azure location where the Load Balancer exists.

*   `privateIpAddress` - The first private IP address assigned to the load balancer in `frontendIpConfiguration` blocks, if any.

*   `privateIpAddresses` - The list of private IP address assigned to the load balancer in `frontendIpConfiguration` blocks, if any.

*   `sku` - The SKU of the Load Balancer.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the resource.

***

A `frontendIpConfiguration` block exports the following:

* `name` - The name of the Frontend IP Configuration.
* `id` - The id of the Frontend IP Configuration.
* `subnetId` - The ID of the Subnet which is associated with the IP Configuration.
* `privateIpAddress` - Private IP Address to assign to the Load Balancer.
* `privateIpAddressAllocation` - The allocation method for the Private IP Address used by this Load Balancer.
* `privateIpAddressVersion` - The Private IP Address Version, either `iPv4` or `iPv6`.
* `publicIpAddressId` - The ID of a  Public IP Address which is associated with this Load Balancer.
* `zones` - A list of Availability Zones which the Load Balancer's IP Addresses should be created in.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Load Balancer.
