---
subcategory: "Logic App"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_logic_app_workflow"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Logic App Workflow.
---

# Data Source: azurerm\_logic\_app\_workflow

Use this data source to access information about an existing Logic App Workflow.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermLogicAppWorkflowExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermLogicAppWorkflow.DataAzurermLogicAppWorkflow(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "workflow1",
      resource_group_name: "my-resource-group",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "access_endpoint", {
  value: dataAzurermLogicAppWorkflowExample.accessEndpoint,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - The name of the Logic App Workflow.

*   `resourceGroupName` - The name of the Resource Group in which the Logic App Workflow exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The Logic App Workflow ID.

*   `location` - The Azure location where the Logic App Workflow exists.

*   `logicAppIntegrationAccountId` - The ID of the integration account linked by this Logic App Workflow.

*   `workflowSchema` - The Schema used for this Logic App Workflow.

*   `workflowVersion` - The version of the Schema used for this Logic App Workflow. Defaults to `1000`.

*   `parameters` - A map of Key-Value pairs.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the resource.

*   `accessEndpoint` - The Access Endpoint for the Logic App Workflow

*   `connectorEndpointIpAddresses` - The list of access endpoint IP addresses of connector.

*   `connectorOutboundIpAddresses` - The list of outgoing IP addresses of connector.

*   `workflowEndpointIpAddresses` - The list of access endpoint IP addresses of workflow.

*   `workflowOutboundIpAddresses` - The list of outgoing IP addresses of workflow.

*   `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `type` - The type of Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Logic App Workflow.

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Logic App Workflow.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Logic App Workflow.

*   `identityIds` - The list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs assigned to this Logic App Workflow.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Logic App Workflow.
