---
subcategory: "Maintenance"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_maintenance_configuration"
description: |-
  Get information about an existing Maintenance Configuration.
---

# Data Source: azurerm\_maintenance\_configuration

Use this data source to access information about an existing Maintenance Configuration.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
  value: "${azurerm_maintenance_configuration.existing.id}",
});
new azurerm.dataAzurermMaintenanceConfiguration.DataAzurermMaintenanceConfiguration(
  this,
  "existing",
  {
    name: "example-mc",
    resource_group_name: "example-resources",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

*   `name` - Specifies the name of the Maintenance Configuration.

*   `resourceGroupName` - Specifies the name of the Resource Group where this Maintenance Configuration exists.

## Attributes Reference

*   `location` - The Azure location where the resource exists.

*   `scope` - The scope of the Maintenance Configuration.

*   `visibility` - The visibility of the Maintenance Configuration.

*   `window` - A `window` block as defined below.

*   `installPatches` -  An `installPatches` block as defined below.

*   `inGuestUserPatchMode` -  The in guest user patch mode.

*   `properties` - The properties assigned to the resource.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the resource.

***

A `window` block exports the following:

*   `startDateTime` - Effective start date of the maintenance window.

*   `expirationDateTime` - Effective expiration date of the maintenance window.

*   `duration` - The duration of the maintenance window.

*   `timeZone` - The time zone for the maintenance window.

*   `recurEvery` The rate at which a maintenance window is expected to recur.

***

A `installPatches` block supports:

*   `linux` - A `linux` block as defined below.

*   `windows` - A `windows` block as defined below.

*   `reboot` - Possible reboot preference as defined by the user based on which it would be decided to reboot the machine or not after the patch operation is completed.

***

***

A `linux` block supports:

*   `classificationsToInclude` - List of Classification category of patches to be patched.

*   `packageNamesMaskToExclude` - List of package names to be excluded from patching.

*   `packageNamesMaskToInclude` - List of package names to be included for patching.

***

A `windows` block supports:

*   `classificationsToInclude` - List of Classification category of patches to be patched.

*   `kbNumbersToExclude` List of KB numbers to be excluded from patching.

*   `kbNumbersToInclude` List of KB numbers to be included for patching.

***

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Maintenance Configuration.
