---
subcategory: "Compute"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_managed_disk"
description: |-
  Get information about an existing Managed Disk.
---

# Data Source: azurerm\_managed\_disk

Use this data source to access information about an existing Managed Disk.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermManagedDiskExisting =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermManagedDisk.DataAzurermManagedDisk(this, "existing", {
    name: "example-datadisk",
    resource_group_name: "example-resources",
  });
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
  value: dataAzurermManagedDiskExisting.id,
});

```

## Argument Reference

*   `name` - Specifies the name of the Managed Disk.

*   `resourceGroupName` - Specifies the name of the Resource Group where this Managed Disk exists.

## Attributes Reference

*   `diskEncryptionSetId` - The ID of the Disk Encryption Set used to encrypt this Managed Disk.

*   `diskIopsReadWrite` - The number of IOPS allowed for this disk, where one operation can transfer between 4k and 256k bytes.

*   `diskMbpsReadWrite` - The bandwidth allowed for this disk.

*   `diskSizeGb` - The size of the Managed Disk in gigabytes.

*   `imageReferenceId` - The ID of the source image used for creating this Managed Disk.

*   `osType` - The operating system used for this Managed Disk.

*   `storageAccountType` - The storage account type for the Managed Disk.

*   `sourceUri` - The Source URI for this Managed Disk.

*   `sourceResourceId` - The ID of an existing Managed Disk which this Disk was created from.

*   `storageAccountId` - The ID of the Storage Account where the `sourceUri` is located.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the resource.

*   `zones` - A list of Availability Zones where the Managed Disk exists.

*   `networkAccessPolicy` - Policy for accessing the disk via network.

*   `diskAccessId` - The ID of the disk access resource for using private endpoints on disks.

*   `encryptionSettings` - A `encryptionSettings` block as defined below.

***

The `encryptionSettings` block supports:

*   `diskEncryptionKey` - A `diskEncryptionKey` block as defined above.

*   `keyEncryptionKey` - A `keyEncryptionKey` block as defined below.

***

The `diskEncryptionKey` block supports:

*   `secretUrl` - The URL to the Key Vault Secret used as the Disk Encryption Key.

*   `sourceVaultId` - The ID of the source Key Vault.

***

The `keyEncryptionKey` block supports:

*   `keyUrl` - The URL to the Key Vault Key used as the Key Encryption Key.

*   `sourceVaultId` - The ID of the source Key Vault.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Managed Disk.
