---
subcategory: "Monitor"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_monitor_scheduled_query_rules_alert"
description: |-
  Get information about the specified AlertingAction Scheduled Query Rules resource.
---

# Data Source: azurerm\_monitor\_scheduled\_query\_rules\_alert

Use this data source to access the properties of an AlertingAction scheduled query rule.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermMonitorScheduledQueryRulesAlertExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermMonitorScheduledQueryRulesAlert.DataAzurermMonitorScheduledQueryRulesAlert(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "tfex-queryrule",
      resource_group_name: "terraform-example-rg",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "query_rule_id", {
  value: dataAzurermMonitorScheduledQueryRulesAlertExample.id,
});

```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the scheduled query rule.
* `resourceGroupName` - (Required) Specifies the name of the resource group where the scheduled query rule is located.

## Attributes Reference

* `id` - The ID of the scheduled query rule.
* `location` - Specifies the Azure Region where the resource should exist.
* `action` - An `action` block as defined below.
* `authorizedResourceIds` - The list of Resource IDs referred into query.
* `dataSourceId` - The resource URI over which log search query is to be run.
* `description` - The description of the scheduled query rule.
* `enabled` - Whether this scheduled query rule is enabled.
* `frequency` - Frequency at which rule condition should be evaluated.
* `query` - Log search query.
* `queryType` - The type of query results.
* `timeWindow` - Time window for which data needs to be fetched for query.
* `severity` - Severity of the alert.
* `throttling` - Time for which alerts should be throttled or suppressed.
* `trigger` - A `trigger` block as defined below.

***

*   `action` supports the following:

*   `actionGroup` - List of action group reference resource IDs.

*   `customWebhookPayload` - Custom payload to be sent for all webhook URI in Azure action group.

*   `emailSubject` - Custom subject override for all email IDs in Azure action group.

***

`metricTrigger` supports the following:

* `metricColumn` - Evaluation of metric on a particular column.
* `metricTriggerType` - The metric trigger type.
* `operator` - Evaluation operation for rule.
* `threshold` - The threshold of the metric trigger.

***

`trigger` supports the following:

* `metricTrigger` - A `metricTrigger` block as defined above.
* `operator` - Evaluation operation for rule.
* `threshold` - Result or count threshold based on which rule should be triggered.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the App Service Environment.
