---
subcategory: "Database"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_mssql_server"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Microsoft SQL Server.
---

# Data Source: azurerm\_mssql\_server

Use this data source to access information about an existing Microsoft SQL Server.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermMssqlServerExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermMssqlServer.DataAzurermMssqlServer(this, "example", {
    name: "existingMsSqlServer",
    resource_group_name: "existingResGroup",
  });
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
  value: dataAzurermMssqlServerExample.id,
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of this Microsoft SQL Server.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Microsoft SQL Server exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Microsoft SQL Server.

*   `administratorLogin` - The server's administrator login name.

*   `fullyQualifiedDomainName` - The fully qualified domain name of the Azure SQL Server.

*   `identity` - A `identity` block as defined below.

*   `location` - The Azure Region where the Microsoft SQL Server exists.

*   `restorableDroppedDatabaseIds` - A list of dropped restorable database IDs on the server.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to this Microsoft SQL Server.

*   `version` - This servers MS SQL version.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `type` - The type of Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Microsoft SQL Server.

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Microsoft SQL Server.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Microsoft SQL Server.

*   `identityIds` - The list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs assigned to this Microsoft SQL Server.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Microsoft SQL Server.
