---
subcategory: "Database"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_mysql_flexible_server"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing MySQL Flexible Server.
---

# azurerm\_mysql\_flexible\_server

Use this data source to access information about an existing MySQL Flexible Server.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermMysqlFlexibleServerExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermMysqlFlexibleServer.DataAzurermMysqlFlexibleServer(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "existingMySqlFlexibleServer",
      resource_group_name: "existingResGroup",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
  value: dataAzurermMysqlFlexibleServerExample.id,
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the MySQL Flexible Server.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group for the MySQL Flexible Server.

## Attributes Reference

*   `id` - The ID of the MySQL Flexible Server.

*   `fqdn` -  The fully qualified domain name of the MySQL Flexible Server.

*   `publicNetworkAccessEnabled` - Is the public network access enabled?

*   `replicaCapacity` - The maximum number of replicas that a primary MySQL Flexible Server can have.

*   `location` - The Azure Region of the MySQL Flexible Server.

*   `administratorLogin` - The Administrator login of the MySQL Flexible Server.

*   `backupRetentionDays` - The backup retention days of the MySQL Flexible Server.

*   `delegatedSubnetId` - The ID of the virtual network subnet the MySQL Flexible Server is created in.

*   `geoRedundantBackupEnabled` - Is geo redundant backup enabled?

*   `highAvailability` - A `highAvailability` block for this MySQL Flexible Server as defined below.

*   `maintenanceWindow` - A `maintenanceWindow` block for this MySQL Flexible Server as defined below.

*   `privateDnsZoneId` - The ID of the Private DNS zone of the MySQL Flexible Server.

*   `replicationRole` - The replication role of the MySQL Flexible Server.

*   `skuName` - The SKU Name of the MySQL Flexible Server.

*   `storage` - A `storage` block for this MySQL Flexible Server as defined below.

*   `version` - The version of the MySQL Flexible Server.

*   `zone` - The Availability Zones where this MySQL Flexible Server is located.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags which are assigned to the MySQL Flexible Server.

***

A `highAvailability` block exports the following:

*   `mode` - The high availability mode of the MySQL Flexible Server.

*   `standbyAvailabilityZone` - The availability zone of the standby Flexible Server.

***

A `maintenanceWindow` block exports the following:

*   `dayOfWeek` - The day of week of the maintenance window.

*   `startHour` - The start hour of the maintenance window.

*   `startMinute` - The start minute of the maintenance window.

***

A `storage` block exports the following:

*   `autoGrowEnabled` - Is Storage Auto Grow enabled?

*   `iops` - The storage IOPS of the MySQL Flexible Server.

*   `sizeGb` - The max storage allowed for the MySQL Flexible Server.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the MySQL Flexible Server.
