---
subcategory: "NetApp"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_netapp_volume"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing NetApp Volume
---

# Data Source: azurerm\_netapp\_volume

Uses this data source to access information about an existing NetApp Volume.

## NetApp Volume Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermNetappVolumeExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermNetappVolume.DataAzurermNetappVolume(this, "example", {
    account_name: "acctestnetappaccount",
    name: "example-volume",
    pool_name: "acctestnetapppool",
    resource_group_name: "acctestRG",
  });
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "netapp_volume_id", {
  value: dataAzurermNetappVolumeExample.id,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - The name of the NetApp Volume.

*   `resourceGroupName` - The Name of the Resource Group where the NetApp Volume exists.

*   `accountName` - The name of the NetApp account where the NetApp pool exists.

*   `poolName` - The name of the NetApp pool where the NetApp volume exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `location` - The Azure Region where the NetApp Volume exists.

*   `zone` - The Availability Zone in which the Volume is located.

*   `mountIpAddresses` - A list of IPv4 Addresses which should be used to mount the volume.

*   `protocols` - A list of protocol types enabled on volume.

*   `serviceLevel` - The service level of the file system.

*   `subnetId` - The ID of a Subnet in which the NetApp Volume resides.

*   `networkFeatures` - Network features in use `basic` or `standard`.

*   `storageQuotaInGb` - The maximum Storage Quota in Gigabytes allowed for a file system.

*   `securityStyle` - Volume security style

*   `dataProtectionReplication` - Volume data protection block

*   `volumePath` - The unique file path of the volume.

***

A `dataProtectionReplication` block exports the following:

*   `endpointType` - The endpoint type.

*   `remoteVolumeLocation` - Location of the primary volume.

*   `remoteVolumeResourceId` - Resource ID of the primary volume.

*   `replicationFrequency` - Frequency of replication.

***

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the NetApp Volume.
