---
subcategory: "Network"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_network_security_group"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Network Security Group.
---

# Data Source: azurerm\_network\_security\_group

Use this data source to access information about an existing Network Security Group.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermNetworkSecurityGroupExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermNetworkSecurityGroup.DataAzurermNetworkSecurityGroup(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "example",
      resource_group_name: "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "location", {
  value: dataAzurermNetworkSecurityGroupExample.location,
});

```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - Specifies the Name of the Network Security Group.
* `resourceGroupName` - Specifies the Name of the Resource Group within which the Network Security Group exists

## Attributes Reference

*   `id` - The ID of the Network Security Group.

*   `location` - The supported Azure location where the resource exists.

*   `securityRule` - One or more `securityRule` blocks as defined below.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the resource.

The `securityRule` block supports:

*   `name` - The name of the security rule.

*   `description` - The description for this rule.

*   `protocol` - The network protocol this rule applies to.

*   `sourcePortRange` - The Source Port or Range.

*   `destinationPortRange` - The Destination Port or Range.

*   `sourceAddressPrefix` - CIDR or source IP range or \* to match any IP.

*   `sourceAddressPrefixes` - A list of CIDRs or source IP ranges.

*   `destinationAddressPrefix` - CIDR or destination IP range or \* to match any IP.

*   `destinationAddressPrefixes` - A list of CIDRs or destination IP ranges.

*   `sourceApplicationSecurityGroupIds` - A List of source Application Security Group IDs

*   `destinationApplicationSecurityGroupIds` - A List of destination Application Security Group IDs

*   `access` - Is network traffic is allowed or denied?

*   `priority` - The priority of the rule

*   `direction` - The direction specifies if rule will be evaluated on incoming or outgoing traffic.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Network Security Group.
