---
subcategory: "Policy"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_policy_set_definition"
description: |-
  Get information about a Policy Set Definition.
---

# Data Source: azurerm\_policy\_set\_definition

Use this data source to access information about an existing Policy Set Definition.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermPolicySetDefinitionExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermPolicySetDefinition.DataAzurermPolicySetDefinition(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      display_name: "Policy Set Definition Example",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
  value: dataAzurermPolicySetDefinitionExample.id,
});

```

## Argument Reference

*   `name` - Specifies the name of the Policy Set Definition. Conflicts with `displayName`.

*   `displayName` - Specifies the display name of the Policy Set Definition. Conflicts with `name`.

**NOTE** As `displayName` is not unique errors may occur when there are multiple policy set definitions with same display name.

* `managementGroupName` - (Optional) Only retrieve Policy Set Definitions from this Management Group.

## Attributes Reference

*   `id` - The ID of the Policy Set Definition.

*   `description` - The Description of the Policy Set Definition.

*   `policyType` - The Type of the Policy Set Definition.

*   `policyDefinitions` - The policy definitions contained within the policy set definition.

*   `policyDefinitionReference` - One or more `policyDefinitionReference` blocks as defined below.

*   `policyDefinitionGroup` - One or more `policyDefinitionGroup` blocks as defined below.

*   `parameters` - Any Parameters defined in the Policy Set Definition.

*   `metadata` - Any Metadata defined in the Policy Set Definition.

***

An `policyDefinitionReference` block exports the following:

*   `policyDefinitionId` - The ID of the policy definition or policy set definition that is included in this policy set definition.

*   `parameters` - The mapping of the parameter values for the referenced policy rule. The keys are the parameter names.

\-> **NOTE:** Since Terraform's concept of a map requires all of the elements to be of the same type, the value in parameters will all be converted to string type.

\~> **Note:** This field only supports String fields and is deprecated in favour of the `parametersValues` field

*   `parameterValues` - The parameter values for the referenced policy rule. This field is a JSON object.

*   `referenceId` - The unique ID within this policy set definition for this policy definition reference.

*   `policyGroupNames` - The list of names of the policy definition groups that this policy definition reference belongs to.

***

An `policyDefinitionGroup` block exports the following:

*   `name` - The name of this policy definition group.

*   `displayName` - The display name of this policy definition group.

*   `category` - The category of this policy definition group.

*   `description` - The description of this policy definition group.

*   `additionalMetadataResourceId` - The ID of a resource that contains additional metadata about this policy definition group.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Policy Set Definition.
