---
subcategory: "Database"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_postgresql_flexible_server"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing PostgreSQL Flexible Server.
---

# Data Source: azurerm\_postgresql\_flexible\_server

Use this data source to access information about an existing PostgreSQL Flexible Server.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermPostgresqlFlexibleServerExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermPostgresqlFlexibleServer.DataAzurermPostgresqlFlexibleServer(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "existing-postgresql-fs",
      resource_group_name: "existing-postgresql-resgroup",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
  value: dataAzurermPostgresqlFlexibleServerExample.id,
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of this PostgreSQL Flexible Server.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the PostgreSQL Flexible Server exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the PostgreSQL Flexible Server.

*   `location` - The Azure Region where the PostgreSQL Flexible Server exists.

*   `administratorLogin` - The Administrator login for the PostgreSQL Flexible Server.

*   `backupRetentionDays` -  The backup retention days for the PostgreSQL Flexible Server.

*   `delegatedSubnetId` - The ID of the virtual network subnet to create the PostgreSQL Flexible Server.

*   `fqdn` - The FQDN of the PostgreSQL Flexible Server.

*   `publicNetworkAccessEnabled` - Is public network access enabled?

*   `skuName` - The SKU Name for the PostgreSQL Flexible Server. The name of the SKU, follows the `tier` + `name` pattern (e.g. `bStandardB1Ms`, `gpStandardD2SV3`, `moStandardE4SV3`).

*   `storageMb` - The max storage allowed for the PostgreSQL Flexible Server.

*   `version` - The version of PostgreSQL Flexible Server to use.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the PostgreSQL Flexible Server.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the PostgreSQL Flexible Server.
