---
subcategory: "Compute"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_shared_image_version"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Version of a Shared Image within a Shared Image Gallery.

---

# Data Source: azurerm\_shared\_image\_version

Use this data source to access information about an existing Version of a Shared Image within a Shared Image Gallery.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.dataAzurermSharedImageVersion.DataAzurermSharedImageVersion(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    gallery_name: "my-image-gallery",
    image_name: "my-image",
    name: "1.0.0",
    resource_group_name: "example-resources",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - The name of the Image Version.

\~> **Note:** You may specify `latest` to obtain the latest version or `recent` to obtain the most recently updated version.

*   `imageName` - The name of the Shared Image in which this Version exists.

*   `galleryName` - The name of the Shared Image Gallery in which the Shared Image exists.

*   `resourceGroupName` - The name of the Resource Group in which the Shared Image Gallery exists.

*   `sortVersionsBySemver` - (Optional) Sort available versions taking SemVer versioning scheme into account. Defaults to `false`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Shared Image.

*   `excludeFromLatest` - Is this Image Version excluded from the `latest` filter?

*   `location` - The supported Azure location where the Shared Image Gallery exists.

*   `managedImageId` - The ID of the Managed Image which was the source of this Shared Image Version.

*   `targetRegion` - One or more `targetRegion` blocks as documented below.

*   `osDiskSnapshotId` - The ID of the OS disk snapshot which was the source of this Shared Image Version.

*   `osDiskImageSizeGb` - The size of the OS disk snapshot (in Gigabytes) which was the source of this Shared Image Version.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Shared Image.

***

The `targetRegion` block exports the following:

*   `name` - The Azure Region in which this Image Version exists.

*   `regionalReplicaCount` - The number of replicas of the Image Version to be created per region.

*   `storageAccountType` - The storage account type for the image version.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Version of a Shared Image within a Shared Image Gallery.
