---
subcategory: "Compute"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_shared_image"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Shared Image a Shared Image Gallery.

---

# Data Source: azurerm\_shared\_image

Use this data source to access information about an existing Shared Image within a Shared Image Gallery.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.dataAzurermSharedImage.DataAzurermSharedImage(this, "example", {
  gallery_name: "my-image-gallery",
  name: "my-image",
  resource_group_name: "example-resources",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - The name of the Shared Image.

*   `galleryName` - The name of the Shared Image Gallery in which the Shared Image exists.

*   `resourceGroupName` - The name of the Resource Group in which the Shared Image Gallery exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Shared Image.

*   `description` - The description of this Shared Image.

*   `eula` - The End User Licence Agreement for the Shared Image.

*   `location` - The supported Azure location where the Shared Image Gallery exists.

*   `specialized` - Specifies that the Operating System used inside this Image has not been Generalized (for example, `sysprep` on Windows has not been run).

*   `identifier` - An `identifier` block as defined below.

*   `osType` - The type of Operating System present in this Shared Image.

*   `hyperVGeneration` - The generation of HyperV that the Virtual Machine used to create the Shared Image is based on.

*   `privacyStatementUri` - The URI containing the Privacy Statement for this Shared Image.

*   `purchasePlan` - (Optional) A `purchasePlan` block as defined below.

*   `releaseNoteUri` - The URI containing the Release Notes for this Shared Image.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Shared Image.

***

A `identifier` block exports the following:

*   `offer` - The Offer Name for this Shared Image.

*   `publisher` - The Publisher Name for this Gallery Image.

*   `sku` - The Name of the SKU for this Gallery Image.

***

A `purchasePlan` block exports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) The Purchase Plan Name for this Shared Image.

*   `publisher` - (Optional) The Purchase Plan Publisher for this Gallery Image.

*   `product` - (Optional) The Purchase Plan Product for this Gallery Image.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Shared Image a Shared Image Gallery.
