---
subcategory: "Stream Analytics"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_stream_analytics_job"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Stream Analytics Job.

---

# Data Source: azurerm\_stream\_analytics\_job

Use this data source to access information about an existing Stream Analytics Job.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermStreamAnalyticsJobExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermStreamAnalyticsJob.DataAzurermStreamAnalyticsJob(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "example-job",
      resource_group_name: "example-resources",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "job_id", {
  value: dataAzurermStreamAnalyticsJobExample.jobId,
});

```

## Argument Reference

*   `name` - Specifies the name of the Stream Analytics Job.

*   `resourceGroupName` - Specifies the name of the resource group the Stream Analytics Job is located in.

## Attributes Reference

*   `id` - The ID of the Stream Analytics Job.

*   `compatibilityLevel` - The compatibility level for this job.

*   `dataLocale` - The Data Locale of the Job.

*   `eventsLateArrivalMaxDelayInSeconds` - The maximum tolerable delay in seconds where events arriving late could be included.

*   `eventsOutOfOrderMaxDelayInSeconds` - The maximum tolerable delay in seconds where out-of-order events can be adjusted to be back in order.

*   `eventsOutOfOrderPolicy` - The policy which should be applied to events which arrive out of order in the input event stream.

*   `jobId` - The Job ID assigned by the Stream Analytics Job.

*   `location` - The Azure location where the Stream Analytics Job exists.

*   `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below.

*   `lastOutputTime` - The time at which the Stream Analytics job last produced an output.

*   `outputErrorPolicy` - The policy which should be applied to events which arrive at the output and cannot be written to the external storage due to being malformed (such as missing column values, column values of wrong type or size).

*   `startMode` - The starting mode set for this Stream Analytics Job.

*   `startTime` - The time at which this Stream Analytics Job was scheduled to start.

*   `streamingUnits` - The number of streaming units that this Stream Analytics Job uses.

*   `transformationQuery` - The query that will be run in this Stream Analytics Job, [written in Stream Analytics Query Language (SAQL)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/dn834998).

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

*   `type` - The identity type of this Managed Service Identity.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Stream Analytics Job.
