---
subcategory: "Network"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_traffic_manager_profile"
description: |-
  Gets information about a specified Traffic Manager Profile.

---

# Data Source: azurerm\_traffic\_manager\_profile

Use this data source to access information about an existing Traffic Manager Profile.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermTrafficManagerProfileExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermTrafficManagerProfile.DataAzurermTrafficManagerProfile(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "test",
      resource_group_name: "test",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "traffic_routing_method", {
  value: dataAzurermTrafficManagerProfileExample.trafficRoutingMethod,
});

```

## Argument Reference

*   `name` - Specifies the name of the Traffic Manager Profile.

*   `resourceGroupName` - Specifies the name of the resource group the Traffic Manager Profile is located in.

## Attributes Reference

*   `id` - The ID of the Traffic Manager Profile.

*   `location` - The Azure location where the Traffic Manager Profile exists.

*   `fqdn` - The FQDN of the created Profile.

*   `profileStatus` - The status of the profile.

*   `trafficRoutingMethod` - Specifies the algorithm used to route traffic.

*   `trafficViewEnabled` - Indicates whether Traffic View is enabled for the Traffic Manager profile.

*   `dnsConfig` - This block specifies the DNS configuration of the Profile.

*   `monitorConfig` - This block specifies the Endpoint monitoring configuration for the Profile.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

The `dnsConfig` block provides:

*   `relativeName` - The relative domain name, this is combined with the domain name used by Traffic Manager to form the FQDN which is exported as documented below.

*   `ttl` - The TTL value of the Profile used by Local DNS resolvers and clients.

The `monitorConfig` block provides:

*   `protocol` - The protocol used by the monitoring checks.

*   `port` - The port number used by the monitoring checks.

*   `path` - The path used by the monitoring checks.

*   `expectedStatusCodeRanges` - A list of status code ranges.

*   `customHeader` - One or more `customHeader` blocks as defined below.

*   `intervalInSeconds` - The interval used to check the endpoint health from a Traffic Manager probing agent.

*   `timeoutInSeconds` - The amount of time the Traffic Manager probing agent should wait before considering that check a failure when a health check probe is sent to the endpoint.

*   `toleratedNumberOfFailures` - The number of failures a Traffic Manager probing agent tolerates before marking that endpoint as unhealthy.

A `customHeader` block supports the following:

*   `name` - The name of the custom header.

*   `value` - The value of custom header. Applicable for HTTP and HTTPS protocol.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Location.
