---
subcategory: "Desktop Virtualization"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_virtual_desktop_host_pool"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Virtual Desktop Host Pool.
---

# Data Source: azurerm\_virtual\_desktop\_host\_pool

Use this data source to access information about an existing Virtual Desktop Host Pool.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.dataAzurermVirtualDesktopHostPool.DataAzurermVirtualDesktopHostPool(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    name: "example-pool",
    resource_group_name: "example-resources",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the Virtual Desktop Host Pool to retrieve.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group where the Virtual Desktop Host Pool exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Virtual Desktop Host Pool.

*   `location` - The location/region where the Virtual Desktop Host Pool is located.

*   `type` - The type of the Virtual Desktop Host Pool.

*   `loadBalancerType` - The type of load balancing performed by the Host Pool

*   `friendlyName` - The friendly name for the Virtual Desktop Host Pool.

*   `description` - The description for the Virtual Desktop Host Pool.

*   `validateEnvironment` - Returns `true` if the Host Pool is in Validation mode.

*   `startVmOnConnect` - Returns `true` if the Start VM on Connection Feature is enabled.

*   `customRdpProperties` - The custom RDP properties string for the Virtual Desktop Host Pool.

*   `personalDesktopAssignmentType` - The type of personal desktop assignment in use by the Host Pool

*   `maximumSessionsAllowed` - The maximum number of users that can have concurrent sessions on a session host.

*   `preferredAppGroupType` - The preferred Application Group type for the Virtual Desktop Host Pool.

*   `scheduledAgentUpdates` - A `scheduledAgentUpdates` block as defined below.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

***

A `scheduledAgentUpdates` block exports the following:

* `enabled` - Are scheduled updates of the AVD agent components (RDAgent, Geneva Monitoring agent, and side-by-side stack) enabled on session hosts.
* `timezone` - The time zone in which the agent update schedule will apply.
* `useSessionHostTimezone` - Specifies whether scheduled agent updates should be applied based on the timezone of the affected session host.
* `schedule` - A `schedule` block as defined below.

***

A `schedule` block exports the following:

* `dayOfWeek` - The day of the week on which agent updates should be performed.
* `hourOfDay` - The hour of day the update window should start.

***

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Virtual Desktop Host Pool.
