---
subcategory: "Cloud Identity"
description: |-
  Get list of the Cloud Identity Groups under a customer or namespace.
---

# googleCloudIdentityGroups

Use this data source to get list of the Cloud Identity Groups under a customer or namespace.

https://cloud.google.com/identity/docs/concepts/overview#groups

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.dataGoogleCloudIdentityGroups.DataGoogleCloudIdentityGroups(
  this,
  "groups",
  {
    parent: "customers/A01b123xz",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

* `parent` - (Required) The parent resource under which to list all Groups. Must be of the form identitysources/{identity\_source\_id} for external- identity-mapped groups or customers/{customer\_id} for Google Groups.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following attributes are exported:

* `groups` - The list of groups under the provided customer or namespace. Structure is [documented below](#nested_groups).

<a name="nested_groups"></a>The `groups` block contains:

*   `name` -
    Resource name of the Group in the format: groups/{group\_id}, where `groupId` is the unique ID assigned to the Group.

*   `groupKey` -
    EntityKey of the Group.  Structure is [documented below](#nested_group_key).

*   `displayName` -
    The display name of the Group.

*   `description` -
    An extended description to help users determine the purpose of a Group.

*   `labels` -The labels that apply to the Group.
    Contains 'cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.discussion\_forum': '' if the Group is a Google Group or
    'system/groups/external': '' if the Group is an external-identity-mapped group.

<a name="nested_group_key"></a>The `groupKey` block supports:

*   `id` -
    The ID of the entity.
    For Google-managed entities, the id is the email address of an existing group or user.
    For external-identity-mapped entities, the id is a string conforming
    to the Identity Source's requirements.

*   `namespace` -
    The namespace in which the entity exists.
    If not populated, the EntityKey represents a Google-managed entity
    such as a Google user or a Google Group.
    If populated, the EntityKey represents an external-identity-mapped group.
    The namespace must correspond to an identity source created in Admin Console
    and must be in the form of `identitysources/{identitySourceId}`.
