---
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Retrieve Region Network Endpoint Group's details.
---

# googleComputeRegionNetworkEndpointGroup

Use this data source to access a Region Network Endpoint Group's attributes.

The RNEG may be found by providing either a `selfLink`, or a `name` and a `region`.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.dataGoogleComputeRegionNetworkEndpointGroup.DataGoogleComputeRegionNetworkEndpointGroup(
  this,
  "rneg1",
  {
    name: "k8s1-abcdef01-myns-mysvc-8080-4b6bac43",
    region: "us-central1",
  }
);
new google.dataGoogleComputeRegionNetworkEndpointGroup.DataGoogleComputeRegionNetworkEndpointGroup(
  this,
  "rneg2",
  {
    self_link:
      "https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/myproject/regions/us-central1/networkEndpointGroups/k8s1-abcdef01-myns-mysvc-8080-4b6bac43",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project to list versions in. If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

*   `name` - (Optional) The Network Endpoint Group name. Provide either this or a `selfLink`.

*   `region` - (Optional) A reference to the region where the Serverless REGs Reside. Provide either this or a `selfLink`.

*   `selfLink` - (Optional) The Network Endpoint Group self\_link.

## Attributes Reference

In addition the arguments listed above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format projects/{{project}}/regions/{{region}}/networkEndpointGroups/{{name}}
* `network` - The network to which all network endpoints in the RNEG belong.
* `subnetwork` - subnetwork to which all network endpoints in the RNEG belong.
* `description` - The RNEG description.
* `networkEndpointType` - Type of network endpoints in this network endpoint group.
* `pscTargetService` - The target service url used to set up private service connection to a Google API or a PSC Producer Service Attachment.
* `defaultPort` - The RNEG default port.
* `size` - Number of network endpoints in the network endpoint group.
