---
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Get a VM instance within GCE.
---

# googleComputeInstance

Get information about a VM instance resource within GCE. For more information see
[the official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances)
and
[API](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/instances).

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.dataGoogleComputeInstance.DataGoogleComputeInstance(
  this,
  "appserver",
  {
    name: "primary-application-server",
    zone: "us-central1-a",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `selfLink` - (Optional) The self link of the instance. One of `name` or `selfLink` must be provided.

*   `name` - (Optional) The name of the instance. One of `name` or `selfLink` must be provided.

***

*   `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If `selfLink` is provided, this value is ignored.  If neither `selfLink`
    nor `project` are provided, the provider project is used.

*   `zone` - (Optional) The zone of the instance. If `selfLink` is provided, this
    value is ignored.  If neither `selfLink` nor `zone` are provided, the
    provider zone is used.

## Attributes Reference

*   `bootDisk` - The boot disk for the instance. Structure is [documented below](#nested_boot_disk).

*   `machineType` - The machine type to create.

*   `networkInterface` - The networks attached to the instance. Structure is [documented below](#nested_network_interface).

*   `attachedDisk` - List of disks attached to the instance. Structure is [documented below](#nested_attached_disk).

*   `canIpForward` - Whether sending and receiving of packets with non-matching source or destination IPs is allowed.

*   `description` - A brief description of the resource.

*   `deletionProtection` - Whether deletion protection is enabled on this instance.

*   `guestAccelerator` - List of the type and count of accelerator cards attached to the instance. Structure is [documented below](#nested_guest_accelerator).

*   `labels` - A set of key/value label pairs assigned to the instance.

*   `metadata` - Metadata key/value pairs made available within the instance.

*   `minCpuPlatform` - The minimum CPU platform specified for the VM instance.

*   `scheduling` - The scheduling strategy being used by the instance. Structure is [documented below](#nested_scheduling)

*   `scratchDisk` - The scratch disks attached to the instance. Structure is [documented below](#nested_scratch_disk).

*   `serviceAccount` - The service account to attach to the instance. Structure is [documented below](#nested_service_account).

*   `tags` - The list of tags attached to the instance.

*   `instanceId` - The server-assigned unique identifier of this instance.

*   `metadataFingerprint` - The unique fingerprint of the metadata.

*   `selfLink` - The URI of the created resource.

*   `tagsFingerprint` - The unique fingerprint of the tags.

*   `labelFingerprint` - The unique fingerprint of the labels.

*   `cpuPlatform` - The CPU platform used by this instance.

*   `shieldedInstanceConfig` - The shielded vm config being used by the instance. Structure is [documented below](#nested_shielded_instance_config).

*   `enableDisplay` -- Whether the instance has virtual displays enabled.

*   `networkInterface0NetworkIp` - The internal ip address of the instance, either manually or dynamically assigned.

*   `networkInterface0AccessConfig0NatIp` - If the instance has an access config, either the given external ip (in the `natIp` field) or the ephemeral (generated) ip (if you didn't provide one).

*   `networkPerformanceConfig` - The network performance configuration setting for the instance, if set. Structure is [documented below](#nested_network_performance_config).

*   `attachedDisk0DiskEncryptionKeySha256` - The [RFC 4648 base64](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-4)
    encoded SHA-256 hash of the \[customer-supplied encryption key]
    (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer-supplied-encryption) that protects this resource.

*   `bootDiskDiskEncryptionKeySha256` - The [RFC 4648 base64](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-4)
    encoded SHA-256 hash of the \[customer-supplied encryption key]
    (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer-supplied-encryption) that protects this resource.

*   `disk0DiskEncryptionKeySha256` - The [RFC 4648 base64](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-4)
    encoded SHA-256 hash of the \[customer-supplied encryption key]
    (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer-supplied-encryption) that protects this resource.

***

<a name="nested_boot_disk"></a>The `bootDisk` block supports:

*   `autoDelete` - Whether the disk will be auto-deleted when the instance is deleted.

*   `deviceName` - Name with which attached disk will be accessible under `/dev/disk/byId/`

*   `initializeParams` - Parameters with which a disk was created alongside the instance.
    Structure is [documented below](#nested_initialize_params).

*   `source` - The name or self\_link of an existing disk (such as those managed by
    `googleComputeDisk`) that was attached to the instance.

<a name="nested_initialize_params"></a>The `initializeParams` block supports:

*   `size` - The size of the image in gigabytes.

*   `type` - The GCE disk type. One of `pdStandard` or `pdSsd`.

*   `image` - The image from which this disk was initialised.

*   `labels` - A set of key/value label pairs assigned to the disk.

<a name="nested_scratch_disk"></a>The `scratchDisk` block supports:

* `interface` - The disk interface used for attaching this disk. One of `scsi` or `nvme`.

<a name="nested_attached_disk"></a>The `attachedDisk` block supports:

*   `source` - The name or self\_link of the disk attached to this instance.

*   `deviceName` - Name with which the attached disk is accessible
    under `/dev/disk/byId/`

*   `mode` - Read/write mode for the disk. One of `"readOnly"` or `"readWrite"`.

<a name="nested_network_interface"></a>The `networkInterface` block supports:

*   `network` - The name or self\_link of the network attached to this interface.

*   `subnetwork` - The name or self\_link of the subnetwork attached to this interface.

*   `subnetworkProject` - The project in which the subnetwork belongs.

*   `networkIp` - The private IP address assigned to the instance.

*   `accessConfig` - Access configurations, i.e. IPs via which this
    instance can be accessed via the Internet. Structure [documented below](#nested_access_config).

*   `aliasIpRange` - An array of alias IP ranges for this network interface. Structure [documented below](#nested_alias_ip_range).

<a name="nested_access_config"></a>The `accessConfig` block supports:

*   `natIp` - The IP address that is be 1:1 mapped to the instance's
    network ip.

*   `publicPtrDomainName` - The DNS domain name for the public PTR record.

*   `networkTier` - The [networking tier][network-tier] used for configuring this instance. One of `premium` or `standard`.

<a name="nested_alias_ip_range"></a>The `aliasIpRange` block supports:

*   `ipCidrRange` - The IP CIDR range represented by this alias IP range.

*   `subnetworkRangeName` - The subnetwork secondary range name specifying
    the secondary range from which to allocate the IP CIDR range for this alias IP
    range.

<a name="nested_service_account"></a>The `serviceAccount` block supports:

*   `email` - The service account e-mail address.

*   `scopes` - A list of service scopes.

<a name="nested_scheduling"></a>The `scheduling` block supports:

*   `preemptible` - Whether the instance is preemptible.

*   `onHostMaintenance` - Describes maintenance behavior for the
    instance. One of `migrate` or `terminate`, for more info, read
    [here](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/setting-instance-scheduling-options)

*   `automaticRestart` - Specifies if the instance should be
    restarted if it was terminated by Compute Engine (not a user).

*   `provisioningModel` - Describe the type of preemptible VM.

*   `instanceTerminationAction` - Describe the type of termination action for `spot` VM. Can be `stop` or `delete`.  Read more on [here](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/create-use-spot)

<a name="nested_guest_accelerator"></a>The `guestAccelerator` block supports:

*   `type` - The accelerator type resource exposed to this instance. E.g. `nvidiaTeslaK80`.

*   `count` - The number of the guest accelerator cards exposed to this instance.

[network-tier]: https://cloud.google.com/network-tiers/docs/overview

<a name="nested_shielded_instance_config"></a>The `shieldedInstanceConfig` block supports:

*   `enableSecureBoot` -- Whether secure boot is enabled for the instance.

*   `enableVtpm` -- Whether the instance uses vTPM.

*   `enableIntegrityMonitoring` -- Whether integrity monitoring is enabled for the instance.

<a name="nested_network_performance_config"></a>The `networkPerformanceConfig` block supports:

* `totalEgressBandwidthTier` - The egress bandwidth tier for the instance.
