---
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Get information about a Backend Service.
---

# googleComputeBackendService

Provide access to a Backend Service's attribute. For more information
see [the official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load-balancing/http/backend-service)
and the [API](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/backendServices).

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataGoogleComputeBackendServiceBaz =
  new google.dataGoogleComputeBackendService.DataGoogleComputeBackendService(
    this,
    "baz",
    {
      name: "foobar",
    }
  );
new google.computeBackendService.ComputeBackendService(this, "default", {
  health_checks: [
    `\${tolist(${dataGoogleComputeBackendServiceBaz.healthChecks})[0]}`,
  ],
  name: "backend-service",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Backend Service.

***

* `project` - (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs. If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following attributes are exported:

*   `connectionDrainingTimeoutSec` - Time for which instance will be drained (not accept new connections, but still work to finish started ones).

*   `description` - Textual description for the Backend Service.

*   `enableCdn` - Whether or not Cloud CDN is enabled on the Backend Service.

*   `fingerprint` - The fingerprint of the Backend Service.

*   `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/global/backendServices/{{name}}`

*   `portName` - The name of a service that has been added to an instance group in this backend.

*   `protocol` - The protocol for incoming requests.

*   `selfLink` - The URI of the Backend Service.

*   `sessionAffinity` - The Backend Service session stickiness configuration.

*   `timeoutSec` - The number of seconds to wait for a backend to respond to a request before considering the request failed.

*   `backend` - The set of backends that serve this Backend Service.

*   `healthChecks` - The set of HTTP/HTTPS health checks used by the Backend Service.

*   `generatedId` - The unique identifier for the resource. This identifier is defined by the server.
