---
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Get a subnetwork within GCE.
---

# googleComputeSubnetwork

Get a subnetwork within GCE from its name and region.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.dataGoogleComputeSubnetwork.DataGoogleComputeSubnetwork(
  this,
  "my-subnetwork",
  {
    name: "default-us-east1",
    region: "us-east1",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `selfLink` - (Optional) The self link of the subnetwork. If `selfLink` is
    specified, `name`, `project`, and `region` are ignored.

*   `name` - (Optional) The name of the subnetwork. One of `name` or `selfLink`
    must be specified.

*   `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs. If it
    is not provided, the provider project is used.

*   `region` - (Optional) The region this subnetwork has been created in. If
    unspecified, this defaults to the region configured in the provider.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following attributes are exported:

*   `network` - The network name or resource link to the parent
    network of this subnetwork.

*   `description` - Description of this subnetwork.

*   `ipCidrRange` - The IP address range that machines in this
    network are assigned to, represented as a CIDR block.

*   `gatewayAddress` - The IP address of the gateway.

*   `privateIpGoogleAccess` - Whether the VMs in this subnet
    can access Google services without assigned external IP
    addresses.

*   `secondaryIpRange` - An array of configurations for secondary IP ranges for
    VM instances contained in this subnetwork. Structure is [documented below](#nested_secondary_ip_range).

<a name="nested_secondary_ip_range"></a>The `secondaryIpRange` block supports:

*   `rangeName` - The name associated with this subnetwork secondary range, used
    when adding an alias IP range to a VM instance.

*   `ipCidrRange` - The range of IP addresses belonging to this subnetwork
    secondary range.
