---
subcategory: "Cloud SQL"
description: |-
  Get a list of SQL database instances in a project in Google Cloud SQL.
---

# googleSqlDatabaseInstances

Use this data source to get information about a list of Cloud SQL instances in a project. You can also apply some filters over this list to get a more filtered list of Cloud SQL instances.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.dataGoogleSqlDatabaseInstances.DataGoogleSqlDatabaseInstances(
  this,
  "qa",
  {
    project: "test-project",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `project` - (optional) The ID of the project in which the resources belong. If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

*   `databaseVersion` - (optional) To filter out the Cloud SQL instances which are of the specified database version.

*   `region` - (optional) To filter out the Cloud SQL instances which are located in the specified region.

*   `zone` - (optional) To filter out the Cloud SQL instances which are located in the specified zone. This zone refers to the Compute Engine zone that the instance is currently serving from.

*   `tier` - (optional) To filter out the Cloud SQL instances based on the tier(or machine type) of the database instances.

*   `state` - (optional) To filter out the Cloud SQL instances based on the current serving state of the database instance. Supported values include `sqlInstanceStateUnspecified`, `runnable`, `suspended`, `pendingDelete`, `pendingCreate`, `maintenance`, `failed`.

## Attributes Reference

See [google\_sql\_database\_instance](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/sql_database_instance) resource for details of all the available attributes.
