---
subcategory: "Advisor"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_advisor_recommendations"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Advisor Recommendations.
---

# Data Source: azurermAdvisorRecommendations

Use this data source to access information about an existing Advisor Recommendations.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.provider.AzurermProvider(this, "azurerm", {
  features: [{}],
});
const dataAzurermAdvisorRecommendationsExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermAdvisorRecommendations.DataAzurermAdvisorRecommendations(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      filter_by_category: ["security", "cost"],
      filter_by_resource_groups: ["example-resgroups"],
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "recommendations", {
  value: dataAzurermAdvisorRecommendationsExample.recommendations,
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `filterByCategory` - (Optional) Specifies a list of categories in which the Advisor Recommendations will be listed. Possible values are `highAvailability`, `security`, `performance`, `cost` and `operationalExcellence`.

*   `filterByResourceGroups` - (Optional) Specifies a list of resource groups about which the Advisor Recommendations will be listed.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Advisor Recommendations.

*   `recommendations` - One or more `recommendations` blocks as defined below.

***

A `recommendations` block exports the following:

*   `category` - The category of the recommendation.

*   `description` - The description of the issue or the opportunity identified by the recommendation.

*   `impact` - The business impact of the recommendation.

*   `recommendationName` - The name of the Advisor Recommendation.

*   `recommendationTypeId` - The recommendation type id of the Advisor Recommendation.

*   `resourceName` - The name of the identified resource of the Advisor Recommendation.

*   `resourceType` - The type of the identified resource of the Advisor Recommendation.

*   `suppressionNames` - A list of Advisor Suppression names of the Advisor Recommendation.

*   `updatedTime` - The most recent time that Advisor checked the validity of the recommendation..

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 10 minutes) Used when retrieving the Advisor Recommendations.
