---
subcategory: "API Management"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_api_management"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing API Management Service.
---

# Data Source: azurermApiManagement

Use this data source to access information about an existing API Management Service.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermApiManagementExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermApiManagement.DataAzurermApiManagement(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "search-api",
      resource_group_name: "search-service",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "api_management_id", {
  value: dataAzurermApiManagementExample.id,
});

```

## Argument Reference

*   `name` - The name of the API Management service.

*   `resourceGroupName` - The Name of the Resource Group in which the API Management Service exists.

## Attributes Reference

*   `id` - The ID of the API Management Service.

*   `additionalLocation` - Zero or more `additionalLocation` blocks as defined below

*   `location` - The Azure location where the API Management Service exists.

*   `zones` - A list of Availability Zones in which this API Management Service is located.

*   `gatewayUrl` - The URL for the API Management Service's Gateway.

*   `gatewayRegionalUrl` - The URL for the Gateway in the Default Region.

*   `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

*   `hostnameConfiguration` - A `hostnameConfiguration` block as defined below.

*   `managementApiUrl` - The URL for the Management API.

*   `notificationSenderEmail` - The email address from which the notification will be sent.

*   `portalUrl` - The URL of the Publisher Portal.

*   `developerPortalUrl` - The URL for the Developer Portal associated with this API Management service.

*   `publicIpAddresses` - The Public IP addresses of the API Management Service.

*   `publicIpAddressId` - ID of the standard SKU IPv4 Public IP. Available only for Premium and Developer SKU deployed in a virtual network.

*   `privateIpAddresses` - The Private IP addresses of the API Management Service.

*   `publisherName` - The name of the Publisher/Company of the API Management Service.

*   `publisherEmail` - The email of Publisher/Company of the API Management Service.

*   `scmUrl` - The SCM (Source Code Management) endpoint.

*   `sku` - A `sku` block as documented below.

*   `tenantAccess` - A `tenantAccess` block as defined below.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the resource.

***

A `additionalLocation` block exports the following:

*   `location` - The location name of the additional region among Azure Data center regions.

*   `capacity` - The number of compute units in this region.

*   `zones` - List of the availability zones where API Management is deployed in the additional region exists.

*   `gatewayRegionalUrl` - Gateway URL of the API Management service in the Region.

*   `publicIpAddresses` - Public Static Load Balanced IP addresses of the API Management service in the additional location. Available only for Basic, Standard and Premium SKU.

*   `publicIpAddressId` - ID of the standard SKU IPv4 Public IP. Available only for Premium SKU deployed in a virtual network.

*   `privateIpAddresses` - Private IP addresses of the API Management service in the additional location, for instances using virtual network mode.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `type` - The type of Managed Service Identity that is configured on this API Management Service.

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this API Management Service.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this API Management Service.

*   `identityIds` - The list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs assigned to this API Management Service.

***

A `hostnameConfiguration` block exports the following:

*   `management` - One or more `management` blocks as documented below.

*   `portal` - One or more `portal` blocks as documented below.

*   `developerPortal` - One or more `developerPortal` blocks as documented below.

*   `proxy` - One or more `proxy` blocks as documented below.

*   `scm` - One or more `scm` blocks as documented below.

***

A `management` block exports the following:

*   `hostName` - The Hostname used for the Management API.

*   `keyVaultId` - The ID of the Key Vault Secret which contains the SSL Certificate.

*   `negotiateClientCertificate` - Is Client Certificate Negotiation enabled?

***

A `portal` block exports the following:

*   `hostName` - The Hostname used for the Portal.

*   `keyVaultId` - The ID of the Key Vault Secret which contains the SSL Certificate.

*   `negotiateClientCertificate` - Is Client Certificate Negotiation enabled?

***

A `developerPortal` block exports the following:

*   `hostName` - The Hostname used for the Portal.

*   `keyVaultId` - The ID of the Key Vault Secret which contains the SSL Certificate.

*   `negotiateClientCertificate` - Is Client Certificate Negotiation enabled?

***

A `proxy` block exports the following:

*   `defaultSslBinding` - Is this the default SSL Binding?

*   `hostName` - The Hostname used for the Proxy.

*   `keyVaultId` - The ID of the Key Vault Secret which contains the SSL Certificate.

*   `negotiateClientCertificate` - Is Client Certificate Negotiation enabled?

***

A `scm` block exports the following:

*   `hostName` - The Hostname used for the SCM URL.

*   `keyVaultId` - The ID of the Key Vault Secret which contains the SSL Certificate.

*   `negotiateClientCertificate` - Is Client Certificate Negotiation enabled?

***

A `sku` block exports the following:

*   `name` - Specifies the plan's pricing tier.

*   `capacity` - Specifies the number of units associated with this API Management service.

***

A `tenantAccess` block exports the following:

*   `enabled` - Is access to the Management API enabled (presumably "for this Tenant")?

*   `tenantId` - The ID of the Tenant which has access to this API Management instance.

*   `primaryKey` - Primary access key for the tenant access information contract.

*   `secondaryKey` - Secondary access key for the tenant access information contract.

***

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the API Management Service.
