---
subcategory: "Network"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_bastion_host"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Bastion Host.

---

# Data Source: azurermBastionHost

Use this data source to access information about an existing Bastion Host.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermBastionHostExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermBastionHost.DataAzurermBastionHost(this, "example", {
    name: "existing-bastion",
    resource_group_name: "existing-resources",
  });
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
  value: dataAzurermBastionHostExample.id,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the Bastion Host.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Bastion Host exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Bastion Host.

*   `location` - The Azure Region where the Bastion Host exists.

*   `copyPasteEnabled` - Is Copy/Paste feature enabled for the Bastion Host.

*   `fileCopyEnabled` - Is File Copy feature enabled for the Bastion Host.

*   `sku` - The SKU of the Bastion Host.

*   `ipConfiguration` - A `ipConfiguration` block as defined below.

*   `ipConnectEnabled` - Is IP Connect feature enabled for the Bastion Host.

*   `scaleUnits` - The number of scale units provisioned for the Bastion Host.

*   `shareableLinkEnabled` - Is Shareable Link feature enabled for the Bastion Host.

*   `tunnelingEnabled` - Is Tunneling feature enabled for the Bastion Host.

*   `dnsName` - The FQDN for the Bastion Host.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Bastion Host.

***

A `ipConfiguration` block supports the following:

*   `name` - The name of the IP configuration.

*   `subnetId` - Reference to the subnet in which this Bastion Host has been created.

*   `publicIpAddressId` - Reference to a Public IP Address associated to this Bastion Host.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Bastion Host.
