---
subcategory: "CDN"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_secret"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Front Door (standard/premium) Secret.
---

# Data Source: azurermCdnFrontdoorSecret

Use this data source to access information about an existing Front Door (standard/premium) Secret.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.dataAzurermCdnFrontdoorSecret.DataAzurermCdnFrontdoorSecret(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    name: "example-secret",
    profile_name: "example-profile",
    resource_group_name: "example-resources",
  }
);

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Front Door Secret.

*   `profileName` - (Required) The name of the Front Door Profile within which the Front Door Secret exists.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Front Door Profile exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Front Door Secret.

*   `cdnFrontdoorProfileId` - Specifies the ID of the Front Door Profile within which this Front Door Secret exists.

*   `secret` - A `secret` block as defined below.

***

A `secret` block exports the following:

* `customerCertificate` - A `customerCertificate` block as defined below.

***

A `customerCertificate` block exports the following:

*   `keyVaultCertificateId` - The key vault certificate ID.

*   `subjectAlternativeNames` - One or more `subjectAlternativeNames` contained within the key vault certificate.

***

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Front Door Secret.
