---
subcategory: "CDN"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_origin_group"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Front Door (standard/premium) Origin Group.
---

# Data Source: azurermCdnFrontdoorOriginGroup

Use this data source to access information about an existing Front Door (standard/premium) Origin Group.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.dataAzurermCdnFrontdoorOriginGroup.DataAzurermCdnFrontdoorOriginGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    name: "example-origin-group",
    profile_name: "example-profile",
    resource_group_name: "example-resources",
  }
);

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Front Door Origin Group.

*   `profileName` - (Required) The name of the Front Door Profile within which Front Door Origin Group exists.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Front Door Profile exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Front Door Origin Group.

*   `cdnFrontdoorProfileId` - Specifies the ID of the Front Door Profile within which this Front Door Origin Group exists.

*   `healthProbe` - A `healthProbe` block as defined below.

*   `loadBalancing` - A `loadBalancing` block as defined below.

*   `sessionAffinityEnabled` - Specifies whether session affinity is enabled on this host.

***

A `healthProbe` block exports the following:

*   `protocol` - Specifies the protocol to use for health probe.

*   `requestType` - Specifies the type of health probe request that is made.

*   `intervalInSeconds` - Specifies the number of seconds between health probes.

*   `path` - Specifies the path relative to the origin that is used to determine the health of the origin.

***

A `loadBalancing` block exports the following:

*   `additionalLatencyInMilliseconds` - Specifies the additional latency in milliseconds for probes to fall into the lowest latency bucket.

*   `sampleSize` - Specifies the number of samples to consider for load balancing decisions.

*   `successfulSamplesRequired` - Specifies the number of samples within the sample period that must succeed.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Front Door Origin Group.
