---
subcategory: "Consumption"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_consumption_budget_resource_group"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Consumption Budget for a specific resource group.
---

# Data Source: azurermConsumptionBudgetResourceGroup

Use this data source to access information about an existing Consumption Budget for a specific resource group.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermConsumptionBudgetResourceGroupExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermConsumptionBudgetResourceGroup.DataAzurermConsumptionBudgetResourceGroup(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "existing",
      resource_group_id: "${azurerm_resource_group.example.id}",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
  value: dataAzurermConsumptionBudgetResourceGroupExample.id,
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of this Consumption Budget.

*   `resourceGroupId` - (Required) The ID of the subscription.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Consumption Budget.

*   `amount` - The total amount of cost to track with the budget.

*   `filter` - A `filter` block as defined below.

*   `notification` - A `notification` block as defined below.

*   `timeGrain` - The time covered by a budget.

*   `timePeriod` - A `timePeriod` block as defined below.

***

A `filter` block exports the following:

*   `dimension` - A `dimension` block as defined above.

*   `not` - A `not` block as defined below.

*   `tag` - A `tag` block as defined below.

\-> **Note:** The order of multiple filter entries is not guaranteed to be consistent by the API.

***

A `not` block exports the following:

*   `dimension` - A `dimension` block as defined below.

*   `tag` - A `tag` block as defined below.

***

A `dimension` block exports the following:

*   `name` - The name of the column to use for the filter.

*   `operator` -  The operator to use for comparison.

*   `values` - A `values` block as defined below.

***

A `notification` block exports the following:

*   `contactEmails` - A list of email addresses to send the budget notification to when the threshold is exceeded.

*   `contactGroups` - A list of Action Group IDs to send the budget notification to when the threshold is exceeded.

*   `contactRoles` - A list of contact roles to send the budget notification to when the threshold is exceeded.

*   `enabled` - Whether the notification is enabled.

*   `operator` - The comparison operator for the notification.

*   `threshold` - Threshold value associated with the notification.

\-> **Note:** The order of multiple filter entries is not guaranteed to be consistent by the API.

***

A `tag` block exports the following:

*   `name` - The name of the tag used for the filter.

*   `operator` - The operator used for comparison.

*   `values` - A list of values for the tag.

***

A `timePeriod` block exports the following:

*   `endDate` - The end date for the budget.

*   `startDate` - The start date for the budget.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Consumption Budget.
