---
subcategory: "Container Apps"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_container_app_environment"
description: |-
  Gets information about a Container App Environment.
---

# Data Source: azurermContainerAppEnvironment

Use this data source to access information about an existing Container App Environment.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.dataAzurermContainerAppEnvironment.DataAzurermContainerAppEnvironment(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    name: "example-environment",
    resource_group_name: "example-resources",
  }
);

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the Container Apps Managed Environment.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where this Container App Environment exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Container App Environment.

*   `infrastructureSubnetId` - The ID of the Subnet in use by the Container Apps Control Plane.

\~> **NOTE:** This will only be populated for Environments that have `internalLoadBalancerEnabled` set to true.

*   `defaultDomain` - The default publicly resolvable name of this Container App Environment. This is generated at creation time to be globally unique.

*   `dockerBridgeCidr` - The network addressing in which the Container Apps in this Container App Environment will reside in CIDR notation.

\~> **NOTE:** This will only be populated for Environments that have `internalLoadBalancerEnabled` set to true.

*   `internalLoadBalancerEnabled` - Does the Container App Environment operate in Internal Load Balancing Mode?

*   `location` - The Azure Location where this Container App Environment exists.

*   `logAnalyticsWorkspaceName` - The name of the Log Analytics Workspace this Container Apps Managed Environment is linked to.

*   `platformReservedCidr` - The IP range, in CIDR notation, that is reserved for environment infrastructure IP addresses.

\~> **NOTE:** This will only be populated for Environments that have `internalLoadBalancerEnabled` set to true.

* `platformReservedDnsIpAddress` - The IP address from the IP range defined by `platformReservedCidr` that is reserved for the internal DNS server.

\~> **NOTE:** This will only be populated for Environments that have `internalLoadBalancerEnabled` set to true.

* `staticIp` - The Static IP of the Environment.

\~> **NOTE:** If `internalLoadBalancerEnabled` is true, this will be a Private IP in the subnet, otherwise this will be allocated a Public IPv4 address.

* `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the resource.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Container App Environment.
