---
subcategory: "Data Factory"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_data_factory"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Azure Data Factory (Version 2).
---

# Data Source: azurermDataFactory

Use this data source to access information about an existing Azure Data Factory (Version 2).

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermDataFactoryExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermDataFactory.DataAzurermDataFactory(this, "example", {
    name: "existing-adf",
    resource_group_name: "existing-rg",
  });
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
  value: dataAzurermDataFactoryExample.id,
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of this Azure Data Factory.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Azure Data Factory exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Azure Data Factory.

*   `githubConfiguration` - A `githubConfiguration` block as defined below.

*   `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below.

*   `location` - The Azure Region where the Azure Data Factory exists.

*   `purviewId` - (Optional) The ID of purview account.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Azure Data Factory.

*   `vstsConfiguration` - A `vstsConfiguration` block as defined below.

***

A `githubConfiguration` block exports the following:

*   `accountName` - The GitHub account name.

*   `branchName` - The branch of the repository to get code from.

*   `gitUrl` - The GitHub Enterprise host name.

*   `repositoryName` - The name of the git repository.

*   `rootFolder` - The root folder within the repository.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `type` - The type of Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Data Factory.

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Data Factory.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Data Factory.

*   `identityIds` - The list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs assigned to this Data Factory.

***

A `vstsConfiguration` block exports the following:

*   `accountName` - The VSTS account name.

*   `branchName` - The branch of the repository to get code from.

*   `projectName` - The name of the VSTS project.

*   `repositoryName` - The name of the git repository.

*   `rootFolder` - The root folder within the repository.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID associated with the VSTS account.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Azure Data Factory.
