---
subcategory: "Databricks"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_databricks_workspace"
description: |-
  Gets information on an existing Databricks Workspace
---

# Data Source: azurermDatabricksWorkspace

Use this data source to access information about an existing Databricks workspace.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermDatabricksWorkspaceExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermDatabricksWorkspace.DataAzurermDatabricksWorkspace(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "example-workspace",
      resource_group_name: "example-rg",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "databricks_workspace_id", {
  value: dataAzurermDatabricksWorkspaceExample.workspaceId,
});

```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - The name of the Databricks Workspace.
* `resourceGroupName` - The Name of the Resource Group where the Databricks Workspace exists.

## Attributes Reference

*   `id` - The ID of the Databricks Workspace.

*   `location` - The Azure location where the Databricks Workspace exists.

*   `sku` - SKU of this Databricks Workspace.

*   `workspaceId` - Unique ID of this Databricks Workspace in Databricks management plane.

*   `workspaceUrl` - URL this Databricks Workspace is accessible on.

*   `managedDiskIdentity` - A `managedDiskIdentity` block as documented below.

*   `storageAccountIdentity` - A `storageAccountIdentity` block as documented below.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags to assign to the Databricks Workspace.

***

A `managedDiskIdentity` block exports the following:

*   `principalId` - The principal UUID for the internal databricks disks identity needed to provide access to the workspace for enabling Customer Managed Keys.

*   `tenantId` - The UUID of the tenant where the internal databricks disks identity was created.

*   `type` - The type of the internal databricks disk identity.

***

A `storageAccountIdentity` block exports the following:

*   `principalId` - The principal UUID for the internal databricks storage account needed to provide access to the workspace for enabling Customer Managed Keys.

*   `tenantId` - The UUID of the tenant where the internal databricks storage account was created.

*   `type` - The type of the internal databricks storage account.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Databricks Workspace.
