---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_eventhub_namespace"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing EventHub Namespace.
---

# Data Source: azurermEventhubNamespace

Use this data source to access information about an existing EventHub Namespace.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermEventhubNamespaceExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermEventhubNamespace.DataAzurermEventhubNamespace(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "search-eventhubns",
      resource_group_name: "search-service",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "eventhub_namespace_id", {
  value: dataAzurermEventhubNamespaceExample.id,
});

```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - The name of the EventHub Namespace.
* `resourceGroupName` - The Name of the Resource Group where the EventHub Namespace exists.

## Attributes Reference

*   `id` - The ID of the EventHub Namespace.

*   `location` - The Azure location where the EventHub Namespace exists

*   `sku` - Defines which tier to use.

*   `capacity` - The Capacity / Throughput Units for a `standard` SKU namespace.

*   `autoInflateEnabled` - Is Auto Inflate enabled for the EventHub Namespace?

*   `maximumThroughputUnits` -  Specifies the maximum number of throughput units when Auto Inflate is Enabled.

*   `zoneRedundant` - Is this EventHub Namespace deployed across Availability Zones?

*   `dedicatedClusterId` - The ID of the EventHub Dedicated Cluster where this Namespace exists.

*   `localAuthenticationEnabled` - Is this EventHub Namespace SAS authentication enabled?

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags to assign to the EventHub Namespace.

The following attributes are exported only if there is an authorization rule named
`rootManageSharedAccessKey` which is created automatically by Azure.

*   `defaultPrimaryConnectionString` - The primary connection string for the authorization
    rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

*   `defaultPrimaryConnectionStringAlias` - The alias of the primary connection string for the authorization
    rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

*   `defaultPrimaryKey` - The primary access key for the authorization rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

*   `defaultSecondaryConnectionString` - The secondary connection string for the
    authorization rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

*   `defaultSecondaryConnectionStringAlias` - The alias of the secondary connection string for the
    authorization rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

*   `defaultSecondaryKey` - The secondary access key for the authorization rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the EventHub Namespace.
