---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_eventhub_authorization_rule"
description: |-
  Gets information about an Event Hubs Authorization Rule within an Event Hub.
---

# azurermEventhubAuthorizationRule

Use this data source to access information about an existing Event Hubs Authorization Rule within an Event Hub.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.dataAzurermEventhubAuthorizationRule.DataAzurermEventhubAuthorizationRule(
  this,
  "test",
  {
    eventhub_name: "${azurerm_eventhub.test.name}",
    name: "test",
    namespace_name: "${azurerm_eventhub_namespace.test.name}",
    resource_group_name: "${azurerm_resource_group.test.name}",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

*   `name` - Specifies the name of the EventHub Authorization Rule resource. be created.

*   `namespaceName` - Specifies the name of the grandparent EventHub Namespace.

*   `eventhubName` - Specifies the name of the EventHub.

*   `resourceGroupName` - The name of the resource group in which the EventHub Authorization Rule's grandparent Namespace exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The EventHub ID.

*   `primaryConnectionStringAlias` - The alias of the Primary Connection String for the Event Hubs Authorization Rule.

*   `secondaryConnectionStringAlias` - The alias of the Secondary Connection String for the Event Hubs Authorization Rule.

*   `primaryConnectionString` - The Primary Connection String for the Event Hubs Authorization Rule.

*   `primaryKey` - The Primary Key for the Event Hubs Authorization Rule.

*   `secondaryConnectionString` - The Secondary Connection String for the Event Hubs Authorization Rule.

*   `secondaryKey` - The Secondary Key for the Event Hubs Authorization Rule.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the EventHub Authorization Rule.
