---
subcategory: "HDInsight"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_hdinsight_cluster"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing HDInsight Cluster.

---

# Data Source: azurermHdinsightCluster

Use this data source to access information about an existing HDInsight Cluster.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermHdinsightClusterExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermHdinsightCluster.DataAzurermHdinsightCluster(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "example",
      resource_group_name: "example-resources",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "https_endpoint", {
  value: dataAzurermHdinsightClusterExample.httpsEndpoint,
});

```

## Argument Reference

*   `name` - Specifies the name of this HDInsight Cluster.

*   `resourceGroupName` - Specifies the name of the Resource Group in which this HDInsight Cluster exists.

## Attributes Reference

*   `location` - The Azure Region in which this HDInsight Cluster exists.

*   `clusterVersion` - The version of HDInsights which is used on this HDInsight Cluster.

*   `componentVersions` - A map of versions of software used on this HDInsights Cluster.

*   `gateway` - A `gateway` block as defined below.

*   `edgeSshEndpoint` - The SSH Endpoint of the Edge Node for this HDInsight Cluster, if an Edge Node exists.

*   `httpsEndpoint` - The HTTPS Endpoint for this HDInsight Cluster.

*   `kafkaRestProxyEndpoint` - The Kafka Rest Proxy Endpoint for this HDInsight Cluster.

*   `kind` - The kind of HDInsight Cluster this is, such as a Spark or Storm cluster.

*   `tier` - The SKU / Tier of this HDInsight Cluster.

*   `sshEndpoint` - The SSH Endpoint for this HDInsight Cluster.

*   `tlsMinVersion` - The minimal supported TLS version.

*   `tags` - A map of tags assigned to the HDInsight Cluster.

***

A `gateway` block exports the following:

*   `enabled` - Is the Ambari Portal enabled?

*   `username` - The username used for the Ambari Portal.

*   `password` - The password used for the Ambari Portal.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the HDInsight Cluster.
