---
subcategory: "Hybrid Compute"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_hybrid_compute_machine"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing hybrid compute machine.
---

# Data Source: azurermHybridComputeMachine

Use this data source to access information about an existing Hybrid Compute.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermHybridComputeMachineExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermHybridComputeMachine.DataAzurermHybridComputeMachine(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "existing-hcmachine",
      resource_group_name: "existing-rg",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
  value: dataAzurermHybridComputeMachineExample.id,
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of this hybrid compute machine.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Hybrid Compute exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the hybrid compute machine.

*   `adFqdn` - Specifies the AD fully qualified display name.

*   `agentConfiguration` - A `agentConfiguration` block as defined below.

*   `agentVersion` - The hybrid machine agent full version.

*   `clientPublicKey` - Public Key that the client provides to be used during initial resource onboarding.

*   `cloudMetadata` - A `cloudMetadata` block as defined below.

*   `detectedProperties` - A `detectedProperties` block as defined below.

*   `displayName` - Specifies the hybrid machine display name.

*   `dnsFqdn` - Specifies the DNS fully qualified display name.

*   `domainName` - Specifies the Windows domain name.

*   `errorDetails` - A `errorDetails` block as defined below.

*   `identity` - A `identity` block as defined below.

*   `lastStatusChange` - The time of the last status change.

*   `location` - The Azure Region where the hybrid compute machine exists.

*   `locationData` - A `locationData` block as defined below.

*   `machineFqdn` - Specifies the hybrid machine fully qualified display name.

*   `mssqlDiscovered` - Specifies whether any MS SQL instance is discovered on the machine.

*   `osName` - The Operating System running on the hybrid machine.

*   `osProfile` - A `osProfile` block as defined below.

*   `osSku` - Specifies the Operating System product SKU.

*   `osType` - The type of Operating System. Possible values are `windows` and `linux`.

*   `osVersion` - The version of Operating System running on the hybrid machine.

*   `parentClusterResourceId` - The resource id of the parent cluster (Azure HCI) this machine is assigned to, if any.

*   `privateLinkScopeResourceId` - The resource id of the parent cluster (Azure HCI) this machine is assigned to, if any.

*   `serviceStatus` - A `serviceStatus` block as defined below.

*   `status` - The status of the hybrid machine agent.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Hybrid Compute.

*   `vmId` - Specifies the hybrid machine unique ID.

*   `vmUuid` - Specifies the Arc Machine's unique SMBIOS ID.

***

A `additionalInfo` block exports the following:

*   `info` - The additional information message.

*   `type` - The additional information type.

***

A `agentConfiguration` block exports the following:

*   `extensionsAllowList` - A `extensionsAllowList` block as defined below.

*   `extensionsBlockList` - A `extensionsBlockList` block as defined below.

*   `extensionsEnabled` - Specifies whether the extension service is enabled or disabled.

*   `guestConfigurationEnabled` - Specified whether the guest configuration service is enabled or disabled.

*   `incomingConnectionsPorts` - Specifies the list of ports that the agent will be able to listen on.

*   `proxyBypass` - List of service names which should not use the specified proxy server.

*   `proxyUrl` - Specifies the URL of the proxy to be used.

***

A `cloudMetadata` block exports the following:

* `provider` - Specifies the cloud provider. For example `azure`, `aws` and `gcp`.

***

A `errorDetails` block exports the following:

*   `additionalInfo` - A `additionalInfo` block as defined above.

*   `code` - The error code.

*   `message` - The error message.

*   `target` - The error target.

***

A `extensionService` block exports the following:

*   `startupType` - The behavior of the service when the Arc-enabled machine starts up.

*   `status` - The current status of the service.

***

A `extensionsAllowList` block exports the following:

*   `publisher` - Publisher of the extension.

*   `type` - Type of the extension.

***

A `extensionsBlockList` block exports the following:

*   `publisher` - Publisher of the extension.

*   `type` - Type of the extension.

***

A `guestConfigurationService` block exports the following:

*   `startupType` - The behavior of the service when the Arc-enabled machine starts up.

*   `status` - The current status of the service.

***

A `identity` block exports the following:

*   `principalId` - The principal ID of resource identity.

*   `tenantId` - The tenant ID of resource.

*   `type` - The identity type.

***

A `linuxConfiguration` block exports the following:

* `patchSettings` - A `patchSettings` block as defined below.

***

A `locationData` block exports the following:

*   `city` - The city or locality where the resource is located.

*   `countryOrRegion` - The country or region where the resource is located.

*   `district` - The district, state, or province where the resource is located.

*   `name` - A canonical name for the geographic or physical location.

***

A `osProfile` block exports the following:

*   `computerName` - Specifies the host OS name of the hybrid machine.

*   `linuxConfiguration` - A `linuxConfiguration` block as defined above.

*   `windowsConfiguration` - A `windowsConfiguration` block as defined below.

***

A `patchSettings` block exports the following:

*   `assessmentMode` - Specifies the assessment mode.

*   `patchMode` - Specifies the patch mode.

***

A `serviceStatus` block exports the following:

*   `extensionService` - A `extensionService` block as defined above.

*   `guestConfigurationService` - A `guestConfigurationService` block as defined above.

***

A `windowsConfiguration` block exports the following:

* `patchSettings` - A `patchSettings` block as defined above.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Hybrid Compute.
