---
subcategory: "Compute"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_image"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Image

---

# Data Source: azurermImage

Use this data source to access information about an existing Image.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermImageSearch = new azurerm.dataAzurermImage.DataAzurermImage(
  this,
  "search",
  {
    name: "search-api",
    resource_group_name: "packerimages",
  }
);
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "image_id", {
  value: dataAzurermImageSearch.id,
});

```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the Image.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional) Regex pattern of the image to match.
* `sortDescending` - (Optional) By default when matching by regex, images are sorted by name in ascending order and the first match is chosen, to sort descending, set this flag.
* `resourceGroupName` - The Name of the Resource Group where this Image exists.

## Attributes Reference

* `dataDisk` - a collection of `dataDisk` blocks as defined below.
* `name` - the name of the Image.
* `location` - the Azure Location where this Image exists.
* `osDisk` - a `osDisk` block as defined below.
* `tags` - a mapping of tags to assigned to the resource.
* `zoneResilient` - is zone resiliency enabled?

`osDisk` supports the following:

* `blobUri` - the URI in Azure storage of the blob used to create the image.
* `caching` - the caching mode for the OS Disk, such as `readWrite`, `readOnly`, or `none`.
* `managedDiskId` - the ID of the Managed Disk used as the OS Disk Image.
* `osState` - the State of the OS used in the Image, such as `generalized`.
* `osType` - the type of Operating System used on the OS Disk. such as `linux` or `windows`.
* `sizeGb` - the size of the OS Disk in GB.

`dataDisk` supports the following:

* `blobUri` - the URI in Azure storage of the blob used to create the image.
* `caching` - the caching mode for the Data Disk, such as `readWrite`, `readOnly`, or `none`.
* `lun` - the logical unit number of the data disk.
* `managedDiskId` - the ID of the Managed Disk used as the Data Disk Image.
* `sizeGb` - the size of this Data Disk in GB.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Image.
