---
subcategory: "Key Vault"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_key_vault_managed_hardware_security_module"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Key Vault Managed Hardware Security Module.
---

# Data Source: azurermKeyVaultManagedHardwareSecurityModule

Use this data source to access information about an existing Key Vault Managed Hardware Security Module.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermKeyVaultManagedHardwareSecurityModuleExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermKeyVaultManagedHardwareSecurityModule.DataAzurermKeyVaultManagedHardwareSecurityModule(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "mykeyvaultHsm",
      resource_group_name: "some-resource-group",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "hsm_uri", {
  value: dataAzurermKeyVaultManagedHardwareSecurityModuleExample.hsmUri,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - The name of the Key Vault Managed Hardware Security Module.

*   `resourceGroupName` - The name of the Resource Group in which the Key Vault Managed Hardware Security Module exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The Key Vault Managed Hardware Security Module ID.

*   `adminObjectIds` - Specifies a list of administrators object IDs for the key vault Managed Hardware Security Module.

*   `hsmUri` - The URI of the Hardware Security Module for performing operations on keys and secrets.

*   `location` - The Azure Region in which the Key Vault managed Hardware Security Module exists.

*   `purgeProtectionEnabled` - Is purge protection enabled on this Key Vault Managed Hardware Security Module?

*   `skuName` - The Name of the SKU used for this Key Vault Managed Hardware Security Module.

*   `softDeleteRetentionDays` - The number of days that items should be retained for soft-deleted.

*   `tenantId` - The Azure Active Directory Tenant ID used for authenticating requests to the Key Vault Managed Hardware Security Module.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Key Vault Managed Hardware Security Module.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Key Vault Managed Hardware Security Module.
