---
subcategory: "Key Vault"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_key_vault_key"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Key Vault Key.

---

# Data Source: azurermKeyVaultKey

Use this data source to access information about an existing Key Vault Key.

\~> **Note:** All arguments including the secret value will be stored in the raw state as plain-text.
[Read more about sensitive data in state](/docs/state/sensitive-data.html).

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermKeyVaultKeyExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermKeyVaultKey.DataAzurermKeyVaultKey(this, "example", {
    key_vault_id: "${data.azurerm_key_vault.existing.id}",
    name: "secret-sauce",
  });
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "key_type", {
  value: dataAzurermKeyVaultKeyExample.keyType,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - Specifies the name of the Key Vault Key.

*   `keyVaultId` - Specifies the ID of the Key Vault instance where the Secret resides, available on the `azurermKeyVault` Data Source / Resource.

**NOTE:** The vault must be in the same subscription as the provider. If the vault is in another subscription, you must create an aliased provider for that subscription.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Key Vault Key.

*   `curve` - The EC Curve name of this Key Vault Key.

*   `e` - The RSA public exponent of this Key Vault Key.

*   `keyType` - Specifies the Key Type of this Key Vault Key

*   `keySize` - Specifies the Size of this Key Vault Key.

*   `keyOpts` - A list of JSON web key operations assigned to this Key Vault Key

*   `n` - The RSA modulus of this Key Vault Key.

*   `publicKeyPem` - The PEM encoded public key of this Key Vault Key.

*   `publicKeyOpenssh` - The OpenSSH encoded public key of this Key Vault Key.

*   `resourceId` - The (Versioned) ID for this Key Vault Key. This property points to a specific version of a Key Vault Key, as such using this won't auto-rotate values if used in other Azure Services.

*   `resourceVersionlessId` - The Versionless ID of the Key Vault Key. This property allows other Azure Services (that support it) to auto-rotate their value when the Key Vault Key is updated.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to this Key Vault Key.

*   `version` - The current version of the Key Vault Key.

*   `versionlessId` - The Base ID of the Key Vault Key.

*   `x` - The EC X component of this Key Vault Key.

*   `y` - The EC Y component of this Key Vault Key.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when retrieving the Key Vault Key.
