---
subcategory: "Mobile Network"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_mobile_network_service"
description: |-
  Get information about a Mobile Network Service.
---

# azurermMobileNetworkService

Get information about a Mobile Network Service.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermMobileNetworkExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermMobileNetwork.DataAzurermMobileNetwork(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "example-mn",
      resource_group_name: "example-rg",
    }
  );
const azurermMobileNetworkServiceExample =
  new azurerm.mobileNetworkService.MobileNetworkService(this, "example_1", {
    mobile_network_id: dataAzurermMobileNetworkExample.id,
    name: "example-mns",
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermMobileNetworkServiceExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name which should be used for this Mobile Network Service.

*   `mobileNetworkId` - (Required) Specifies the ID of the Mobile Network Service.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Mobile Network Service.

*   `location` - The Azure Region where the Mobile Network Service should exist.

*   `servicePrecedence` - A precedence value that is used to decide between services when identifying the QoS values to use for a particular SIM. A lower value means a higher priority.

*   `pccRule` - A `pccRule` block as defined below. The set of PCC Rules that make up this service.

*   `serviceQosPolicy` - A `serviceQosPolicy` block as defined below. The QoS policy to use for packets matching this service.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Mobile Network Service.

***

A `pccRule` block supports the following:

*   `name` - The name of the rule. This must be unique within the parent service.

*   `precedence` - A precedence value that is used to decide between data flow policy rules when identifying the QoS values to use for a particular SIM. A lower value means a higher priority.

*   `qosPolicy` - A `ruleQosPolicy` block as defined below. The QoS policy to use for packets matching this rule.

*   `serviceDataFlowTemplate` - A `serviceDataFlowTemplate` block as defined below. The set of service data flow templates to use for this PCC rule.

*   `trafficControlEnabled` - Determines whether flows that match this data flow policy rule are permitted.

***

A `ruleQosPolicy` block supports the following:

*   `allocationAndRetentionPriorityLevel` - QoS Flow allocation and retention priority (ARP) level. Flows with higher priority preempt flows with lower priority.

*   `qosIndicator` - The QoS Indicator (5QI for 5G network /QCI for 4G net work) value identifies a set of QoS characteristics that control QoS forwarding treatment for QoS flows or EPS bearers.

*   `guaranteedBitRate` - A `guaranteedBitRate` block as defined below. The Guaranteed Bit Rate (GBR) for all service data flows that use this PCC Rule.

*   `maximumBitRate` - A `maximumBitRate` block as defined below. The Maximum Bit Rate (MBR) for all service data flows that use this PCC Rule or Service.

*   `preemptionCapability` - The Preemption Capability of a QoS Flow controls whether it can preempt another QoS Flow with a lower priority level. See 3GPP TS23.501 section 5.7.2.2 for a full description of the ARP parameters.

*   `preemptionVulnerability` - The Preemption Vulnerability of a QoS Flow controls whether it can be preempted by QoS Flow with a higher priority level. See 3GPP TS23.501 section 5.7.2.2 for a full description of the ARP parameters.

***

A `guaranteedBitRate` block supports the following:

*   `downlink` - Downlink bit rate.

*   `uplink` - Uplink bit rate.

***

A `serviceDataFlowTemplate` block supports the following:

*   `name` - The name of the data flow template. This must be unique within the parent data flow policy rule.

*   `direction` - The direction of this flow. Possible values are `uplink`, `downlink` and `bidirectional`.

*   `protocol` - A list of the allowed protocol(s) for this flow.

*   `remoteIpList` - The remote IP address(es) to which UEs will connect for this flow.

*   `ports` - The port(s) to which UEs will connect for this flow. You can specify zero or more ports or port ranges.

***

A `serviceQosPolicy` block supports the following:

*   `allocationAndRetentionPriorityLevel` - QoS Flow allocation and retention priority (ARP) level.

*   `qosIndicator` - The QoS Indicator (5QI for 5G network /QCI for 4G net work) value identifies a set of QoS characteristics that control QoS forwarding treatment for QoS flows or EPS bearers.

*   `maximumBitRate` - A `maximumBitRate` block as defined below. The Maximum Bit Rate (MBR) for all service data flows that use this PCC Rule or Service.

*   `preemptionCapability` - The Preemption Capability of a QoS Flow controls whether it can preempt another QoS Flow with a lower priority level. See 3GPP TS23.501 section 5.7.2.2 for a full description of the ARP parameters.

*   `preemptionVulnerability` - The Preemption Vulnerability of a QoS Flow controls whether it can be preempted by QoS Flow with a higher priority level. See 3GPP TS23.501 section 5.7.2.2 for a full description of the ARP parameters.

***

A `maximumBitRate` block supports the following:

*   `downlink` - Downlink bit rate.

*   `uplink` - Uplink bit rate.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Mobile Network Service.
