---
subcategory: "Mobile Network"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_mobile_network_sim_policy"
description: |-
  Get information about a Mobile Network Sim Policy.
---

# azurermMobileNetworkSimPolicy

Get information about a Mobile Network Sim Policy.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermMobileNetworkExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermMobileNetwork.DataAzurermMobileNetwork(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "example-mn",
      resource_group_name: "example-rg",
    }
  );
const dataAzurermMobileNetworkSimPolicyExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermMobileNetworkSimPolicy.DataAzurermMobileNetworkSimPolicy(
    this,
    "example_1",
    {
      mobile_network_id: dataAzurermMobileNetworkExample.id,
      name: "example-mnsp",
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
dataAzurermMobileNetworkSimPolicyExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - The name which should be used for this Mobile Network Sim Policies.

*   `mobileNetworkId` - The ID of the Mobile Network which the Sim Policy belongs to.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Mobile Network Sim Policies.

*   `defaultSliceId` - The ID of default slice to use if the UE does not explicitly specify it.

*   `location` - The Azure Region where the Mobile Network Sim Policy should exist.

*   `registrationTimerInSeconds` - Interval for the UE periodic registration update procedure.

*   `ratFrequencySelectionPriorityIndex` - RAT/Frequency Selection Priority Index, defined in 3GPP TS 36.413.

*   `userEquipmentAggregateMaximumBitRate` - A `userEquipmentAggregateMaximumBitRate` block as defined below.

*   `slice` - An array of `slice` block as defined below. The allowed slices and the settings to use for them.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Mobile Network Sim Policies.

***

A `slice` block supports the following:

*   `dataNetwork` - An array of `dataNetwork` block as defined below.

*   `defaultDataNetworkId` - The ID of default data network to use if the UE does not explicitly specify it.

*   `sliceId` - The ID of the slice that these settings apply to.

***

A `dataNetwork` block supports the following:

*   `allowedServicesIds` - An array of IDs of services that can be used as part of this SIM policy.

*   `dataNetworkId` - The ID of Mobile Network Data Network which these settings apply to.

*   `sessionAggregateMaximumBitRate` - A `sessionAggregateMaximumBitRate` block as defined below.

*   `allocationAndRetentionPriorityLevel` - Default QoS Flow allocation and retention priority (ARP) level. Flows with higher priority preempt flows with lower priority, if the settings of `preemptionCapability` and `preemptionVulnerability` allow it. 1 is the highest level of priority. If this field is not specified then `qosIndicator` is used to derive the ARP value. See 3GPP TS23.501 section 5.7.2.2 for a full description of the ARP parameters.

*   `additionalAllowedSessionTypes` - Allowed session types in addition to the default session type.

*   `defaultSessionType` - The default PDU session type, which is used if the UE does not request a specific session type.

*   `qosIndicator` - The QoS Indicator (5QI for 5G network /QCI for 4G net work) value identifies a set of QoS characteristics that control QoS forwarding treatment for QoS flows or EPS bearers.

*   `maxBufferedPackets` - The maximum number of downlink packets to buffer at the user plane for High Latency Communication - Extended Buffering.

*   `preemptionCapability` - The Preemption Capability of a QoS Flow controls whether it can preempt another QoS Flow with a lower priority level. See 3GPP TS23.501 section 5.7.2.2 for a full description of the ARP parameters.

*   `preemptionVulnerability` - The Preemption Vulnerability of a QoS Flow controls whether it can be preempted by QoS Flow with a higher priority level. See 3GPP TS23.501 section 5.7.2.2 for a full description of the ARP parameters.

***

A `sessionAggregateMaximumBitRate` block supports the following:

*   `downlink` - Downlink bit rate.

*   `uplink` - Uplink bit rate.

***

A `userEquipmentAggregateMaximumBitRate` block supports the following:

*   `downlink` - Downlink bit rate.

*   `uplink` - Uplink bit rate.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Mobile Network Sim Policies.
