---
subcategory: "Monitor"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_monitor_action_group"
description: |-
  Get information about the specified Action Group.
---

# Data Source: azurermMonitorActionGroup

Use this data source to access the properties of an Action Group.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermMonitorActionGroupExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermMonitorActionGroup.DataAzurermMonitorActionGroup(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "tfex-actiongroup",
      resource_group_name: "terraform-example-rg",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "action_group_id", {
  value: dataAzurermMonitorActionGroupExample.id,
});

```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - Specifies the name of the Action Group.
* `resourceGroupName` - Specifies the name of the resource group the Action Group is located in.

## Attributes Reference

* `id` - The ID of the Action Group.
* `shortName` - The short name of the action group.
* `enabled` - Whether this action group is enabled.
* `armRoleReceiver` - One or more `armRoleReceiver` blocks as defined below.
* `automationRunbookReceiver` - One or more `automationRunbookReceiver` blocks as defined below.
* `azureAppPushReceiver` - One or more `azureAppPushReceiver` blocks as defined below.
* `azureFunctionReceiver` - One or more `azureFunctionReceiver` blocks as defined below.
* `emailReceiver` - One or more `emailReceiver` blocks as defined below.
* `eventHubReceiver` - One or more `eventHubReceiver` blocks as defined below.
* `itsmReceiver` - One or more `itsmReceiver` blocks as defined below.
* `logicAppReceiver` - One or more `logicAppReceiver` blocks as defined below.
* `smsReceiver` - One or more `smsReceiver` blocks as defined below.
* `webhookReceiver` - One or more `webhookReceiver` blocks as defined below.
* `voiceReceiver` - One or more `voiceReceiver` blocks as defined below.

***

`armRoleReceiver` supports the following:

* `name` - The name of the ARM role receiver.
* `roleId` - The arm role id.
* `useCommonAlertSchema` - Indicates whether to use common alert schema.

***

`automationRunbookReceiver` supports the following:

* `name` - The name of the automation runbook receiver.
* `automationAccountId` - The automation account ID which holds this runbook and authenticates to Azure resources.
* `runbookName` - The name for this runbook.
* `webhookResourceId` - The resource id for webhook linked to this runbook.
* `isGlobalRunbook` - Indicates whether this instance is global runbook.
* `serviceUri` - The URI where webhooks should be sent.
* `useCommonAlertSchema` - Indicates whether to use common alert schema.

***

`azureAppPushReceiver` supports the following:

* `name` - The name of the Azure app push receiver.
* `emailAddress` - The email address of the user signed into the mobile app who will receive push notifications from this receiver.

***

`azureFunctionReceiver` supports the following:

* `name` - The name of the Azure Function receiver.
* `functionAppResourceId` - The Azure resource ID of the function app.
* `functionName` - The function name in the function app.
* `httpTriggerUrl` - The HTTP trigger url where HTTP request sent to.
* `useCommonAlertSchema` - Indicates whether to use common alert schema.

***

`emailReceiver` supports the following:

* `name` - The name of the email receiver.
* `emailAddress` - The email address of this receiver.
* `useCommonAlertSchema` - Indicates whether to use common alert schema.

***

`eventHubReceiver` supports the following:

* `name` - The name of the EventHub Receiver, must be unique within action group.
* `eventHubId` - The resource ID of the respective Event Hub.
* `eventHubName` - The name of the specific Event Hub queue.
* `eventHubNamespace` - The namespace name of the Event Hub.
* `subscriptionId` - The ID for the subscription containing this Event Hub. Default to the subscription ID of the Action Group.

\~> **NOTE:** `eventHubId` is deprecated in version 3.0 and will be removed in version 4.0 of the AzureRM Provider. Please use `eventHubName`, `eventHubName`,and `subscriptionId` instead.

* `tenantId` - The Tenant ID for the subscription containing this Event Hub.
* `useCommonAlertSchema` - Indicates whether to use common alert schema.

***

`itsmReceiver` supports the following:

* `name` - The name of the ITSM receiver.
* `workspaceId` - The Azure Log Analytics workspace ID where this connection is defined.
* `connectionId` - The unique connection identifier of the ITSM connection.
* `ticketConfiguration` - A JSON blob for the configurations of the ITSM action. CreateMultipleWorkItems option will be part of this blob as well.
* `region` - The region of the workspace.

***

`logicAppReceiver` supports the following:

* `name` - The name of the logic app receiver.
* `resourceId` - The Azure resource ID of the logic app.
* `callbackUrl` - The callback url where HTTP request sent to.
* `useCommonAlertSchema` - Indicates whether to use common alert schema.

***

`smsReceiver` supports the following:

* `name` - The name of the SMS receiver.
* `countryCode` - The country code of the SMS receiver.
* `phoneNumber` - The phone number of the SMS receiver.

***

`voiceReceiver` supports the following:

* `name` - The name of the voice receiver.
* `countryCode` - The country code of the voice receiver.
* `phoneNumber` - The phone number of the voice receiver.

***

`webhookReceiver` supports the following:

* `name` - The name of the webhook receiver.
* `serviceUri` - The URI where webhooks should be sent.
* `useCommonAlertSchema` - Indicates whether to use common alert schema.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Action Group.
