---
subcategory: "Network"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_network_interface"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Network Interface.
---

# Data Source: azurermNetworkInterface

Use this data source to access information about an existing Network Interface.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermNetworkInterfaceExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermNetworkInterface.DataAzurermNetworkInterface(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "acctest-nic",
      resource_group_name: "networking",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "network_interface_id", {
  value: dataAzurermNetworkInterfaceExample.id,
});

```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - Specifies the name of the Network Interface.
* `resourceGroupName` - Specifies the name of the resource group the Network Interface is located in.

## Attributes Reference

* `id` - The ID of the Network Interface.
* `appliedDnsServers` - List of DNS servers applied to the specified Network Interface.
* `enableAcceleratedNetworking` - Indicates if accelerated networking is set on the specified Network Interface.
* `enableIpForwarding` - Indicate if IP forwarding is set on the specified Network Interface.
* `dnsServers` - The list of DNS servers used by the specified Network Interface.
* `internalDnsNameLabel` - The internal DNS name label of the specified Network Interface.
* `ipConfiguration` - One or more `ipConfiguration` blocks as defined below.
* `location` - The location of the specified Network Interface.
* `macAddress` - The MAC address used by the specified Network Interface.
* `networkSecurityGroupId` - The ID of the network security group associated to the specified Network Interface.
* `privateIpAddress` - The primary private IP address associated to the specified Network Interface.
* `privateIpAddresses` - The list of private IP addresses associates to the specified Network Interface.
* `tags` - List the tags associated to the specified Network Interface.
* `virtualMachineId` - The ID of the virtual machine that the specified Network Interface is attached to.

***

A `ipConfiguration` block contains:

* `name` - The name of the IP Configuration.
* `subnetId` - The ID of the Subnet which the Network Interface is connected to.
* `privateIpAddress` - The Private IP Address assigned to this Network Interface.
* `privateIpAddressAllocation` - The IP Address allocation type for the Private address, such as `dynamic` or `static`.
* `publicIpAddressId` - The ID of the Public IP Address which is connected to this Network Interface.
* `applicationGatewayBackendAddressPoolsIds` - A list of Backend Address Pool IDs within a Application Gateway that this Network Interface is connected to.
* `loadBalancerBackendAddressPoolsIds` - A list of Backend Address Pool IDs within a Load Balancer that this Network Interface is connected to.
* `loadBalancerInboundNatRulesIds` - A list of Inbound NAT Rule IDs within a Load Balancer that this Network Interface is connected to.
* `primary` - is this the Primary IP Configuration for this Network Interface?
* `gatewayLoadBalancerFrontendIpConfigurationId` - The Frontend IP Configuration ID of a Gateway SKU Load Balancer the Network Interface is consuming.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Network Interface.
