---
subcategory: "Compute"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_orchestrated_virtual_machine_scale_set"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Orchestrated Virtual Machine Scale Set.
---

# Data Source: azurermOrchestratedVirtualMachineScaleSet

Use this data source to access information about an existing Orchestrated Virtual Machine Scale Set.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermOrchestratedVirtualMachineScaleSetExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermOrchestratedVirtualMachineScaleSet.DataAzurermOrchestratedVirtualMachineScaleSet(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "existing",
      resource_group_name: "existing",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
  value: dataAzurermOrchestratedVirtualMachineScaleSetExample.id,
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of this Orchestrated Virtual Machine Scale Set.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Orchestrated Virtual Machine Scale Set exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Virtual Machine Scale Set.

*   `location` - The Azure Region in which this Orchestrated Virtual Machine Scale Set exists.

*   `identity` - A `identity` block as defined below.

*   `networkInterface` - A list of `networkInterface` blocks as defined below.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `type` - The type of Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Orchestrated Virtual Machine Scale Set.

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Orchestrated Virtual Machine Scale Set.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Orchestrated Virtual Machine Scale Set.

*   `identityIds` - The list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs assigned to this Orchestrated Virtual Machine Scale Set.

***

`networkInterface` exports the following:

*   `name` - The name of the network interface configuration.

*   `primary` - Whether network interfaces created from the network interface configuration will be the primary NIC of the VM.

*   `ipConfiguration` - An `ipConfiguration` block as documented below.

*   `acceleratedNetworkingEnabled` - Is accelerated networking enabled?

*   `dnsServers` - An array of the DNS servers in use.

*   `ipForwardingEnabled` - Is IP forwarding enabled?

*   `networkSecurityGroupId` - The identifier for the network security group.

`ipConfiguration` exports the following:

*   `name` - The name of the IP configuration.

*   `subnetId` - The the identifier of the subnet.

*   `applicationGatewayBackendAddressPoolIds` - An array of references to backend address pools of application gateways.

*   `loadBalancerBackendAddressPoolIds` - An array of references to backend address pools of load balancers.

*   `loadBalancerInboundNatRulesIds` - An array of references to inbound NAT pools for load balancers.

*   `primary` -  If this ip\_configuration is the primary one.

*   `applicationSecurityGroupIds` -  The application security group IDs to use.

*   `publicIpAddress` - The virtual machines scale set IP Configuration's PublicIPAddress configuration. The `publicIpAddress` is documented below.

`publicIpAddress` exports the following:

*   `name` - The name of the public IP address configuration

*   `idleTimeoutInMinutes` - The idle timeout in minutes.

*   `domainNameLabel` - The domain name label for the DNS settings.

*   `ipTag` - A list of `ipTag` blocks as defined below.

*   `publicIpPrefixId` - The ID of the public IP prefix.

*   `version` - The Internet Protocol Version of the public IP address.

`ipTag` exports the following:

*   `tag` - The IP Tag associated with the Public IP.

*   `type` - The Type of IP Tag.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Orchestrated Virtual Machine Scale Set.
