---
subcategory: "Network"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_private_endpoint_connection"
description: |-
  Gets the connection status information about an existing Private Endpoint
---

# Data Source: azurermPrivateEndpointConnection

Use this data source to access the connection status information about an existing Private Endpoint Connection.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermPrivateEndpointConnectionExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermPrivateEndpointConnection.DataAzurermPrivateEndpointConnection(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "example-private-endpoint",
      resource_group_name: "example-rg",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "private_endpoint_status", {
  value: `\${${dataAzurermPrivateEndpointConnectionExample.privateServiceConnection}.0.status}`,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - Specifies the Name of the private endpoint.
* `resourceGroupName` - Specifies the Name of the Resource Group within which the private endpoint exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Private Endpoint.

*   `location` - The supported Azure location where the resource exists.

***

A `networkInterface` block exports:

*   `id` - The ID of the network interface associated with the private endpoint.

*   `name` - The name of the network interface associated with the private endpoint.

***

A `privateServiceConnection` block exports the following:

* `name` - The name of the private endpoint.
* `status` - The current status of the private endpoint request, possible values will be `pending`, `approved`, `rejected`, or `disconnected`.
* `privateIpAddress` - The private IP address associated with the private endpoint, note that you will have a private IP address assigned to the private endpoint even if the connection request was `rejected`.
* `requestResponse` - Possible values are as follows:
  Value | Meaning
  \-- | --
  `autoApproved` | The remote resource owner has added you to the `autoApproved` RBAC permission list for the remote resource, all private endpoint connection requests will be automatically `approved`.
  `deletedState` | The resource owner has `rejected` the private endpoint connection request and has removed your private endpoint request from the remote resource.
  `request/responseMessage` | If you submitted a manual private endpoint connection request, while in the `pending` status the `requestResponse` will display the same text from your `requestMessage` in the `privateServiceConnection` block above. If the private endpoint connection request was `rejected` by the owner of the remote resource, the text for the rejection will be displayed as the `requestResponse` text, if the private endpoint connection request was `approved` by the owner of the remote resource, the text for the approval will be displayed as the `requestResponse` text

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Private Endpoint.
