---
subcategory: "Redis"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_redis_cache"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Azure Redis Cache.

---

# Data Source: azurermRedisCache

Use this data source to access information about an existing Redis Cache

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermRedisCacheExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermRedisCache.DataAzurermRedisCache(this, "example", {
    name: "myrediscache",
    resource_group_name: "redis-cache",
  });
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "hostname", {
  value: dataAzurermRedisCacheExample.hostname,
});
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "primary_access_key", {
  value: dataAzurermRedisCacheExample.primaryAccessKey,
});

```

## Argument Reference

*   `name` - The name of the Redis cache

*   `resourceGroupName` - The name of the resource group the Redis cache instance is located in.

## Attributes Reference

*   `id` - The Cache ID.

*   `location` - The location of the Redis Cache.

*   `capacity` - The size of the Redis Cache deployed.

*   `family` - The SKU family/pricing group used. Possible values are `c` (for Basic/Standard SKU family) and `p` (for `premium`)

*   `skuName` - The SKU of Redis used. Possible values are `basic`, `standard` and `premium`.

*   `enableNonSslPort` - Whether the SSL port is enabled.

*   `minimumTlsVersion` - The minimum TLS version.

*   `patchSchedule` - A list of `patchSchedule` blocks as defined below.

*   `privateStaticIpAddress` The Static IP Address assigned to the Redis Cache when hosted inside the Virtual Network.

*   `hostname` - The Hostname of the Redis Instance

*   `sslPort` - The SSL Port of the Redis Instance

*   `port` - The non-SSL Port of the Redis Instance

*   `primaryAccessKey` - The Primary Access Key for the Redis Instance

*   `secondaryAccessKey` - The Secondary Access Key for the Redis Instance

*   `primaryConnectionString` - The primary connection string of the Redis Instance.

*   `secondaryConnectionString` - The secondary connection string of the Redis Instance.

*   `redisConfiguration` - A `redisConfiguration` block as defined below.

*   `zones` - A list of Availability Zones in which this Redis Cache is located.

***

A `patchSchedule` block supports the following:

*   `dayOfWeek` - the Weekday name for the patch item

*   `maintenanceWindow` - The ISO 8601 timespan which specifies the amount of time the Redis Cache can be updated.

*   `startHourUtc` - The Start Hour for maintenance in UTC

\~> **Note:** The Patch Window lasts for `5` hours from the `startHourUtc`.

***

A `redisConfiguration` block exports the following:

*   `enableAuthentication` - Specifies if authentication is enabled

*   `maxmemoryReserved` - The value in megabytes reserved for non-cache usage e.g. failover

*   `maxmemoryDelta` - The max-memory delta for this Redis instance.

*   `maxmemoryPolicy` - How Redis will select what to remove when `maxmemory` is reached.

*   `maxfragmentationmemoryReserved` - Value in megabytes reserved to accommodate for memory fragmentation.

*   `rdbBackupEnabled` - Is Backup Enabled? Only supported on Premium SKUs.

*   `rdbBackupFrequency` - The Backup Frequency in Minutes. Only supported on Premium SKUs.

*   `rdbBackupMaxSnapshotCount` - The maximum number of snapshots that can be created as a backup.

*   `rdbStorageConnectionString` - The Connection String to the Storage Account. Only supported for Premium SKUs.

\~> **Note:** There's a bug in the Redis API where the original storage connection string isn't being returned, which [is being tracked in this issue](https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/issues/3037). In the interim you can use [the `ignoreChanges` attribute to ignore changes to this field](https://www.terraform.io/language/meta-arguments/lifecycle#ignore_changess) e.g.:

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Redis Cache.
