---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_servicebus_namespace"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing ServiceBus Namespace.
---

# Data Source: azurermServicebusNamespace

Use this data source to access information about an existing ServiceBus Namespace.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermServicebusNamespaceExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermServicebusNamespace.DataAzurermServicebusNamespace(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "examplenamespace",
      resource_group_name: "example-resources",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "location", {
  value: dataAzurermServicebusNamespaceExample.location,
});

```

## Argument Reference

*   `name` - Specifies the name of the ServiceBus Namespace.

*   `resourceGroupName` - Specifies the name of the Resource Group where the ServiceBus Namespace exists.

## Attributes Reference

*   `location` - The location of the Resource Group in which the ServiceBus Namespace exists.

*   `sku` - The Tier used for the ServiceBus Namespace.

*   `capacity` - The capacity of the ServiceBus Namespace.

*   `zoneRedundant` - Whether or not this ServiceBus Namespace is zone redundant.

*   `endpoint` - The URL to access the ServiceBus Namespace.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the resource.

The following attributes are exported only if there is an authorization rule named
`rootManageSharedAccessKey` which is created automatically by Azure.

*   `defaultPrimaryConnectionString` - The primary connection string for the authorization
    rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

*   `defaultSecondaryConnectionString` - The secondary connection string for the
    authorization rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

*   `defaultPrimaryKey` - The primary access key for the authorization rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

*   `defaultSecondaryKey` - The secondary access key for the authorization rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the ServiceBus Namespace.
