---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_servicebus_topic"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Service Bus Topic.
---

# Data Source: azurermServicebusTopic

Use this data source to access information about an existing Service Bus Topic.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermServicebusTopicExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermServicebusTopic.DataAzurermServicebusTopic(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "existing",
      namespace_name: "existing",
      resource_group_name: "existing",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
  value: dataAzurermServicebusTopicExample.id,
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of this Service Bus Topic.

*   `namespaceName` - (Required) The name of the Service Bus Namespace.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Service Bus Topic exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Service Bus Topic.

*   `autoDeleteOnIdle` - The ISO 8601 timespan duration of the idle interval after which the Topic is automatically deleted, minimum of 5 minutes.

*   `defaultMessageTtl` - The ISO 8601 timespan duration of TTL of messages sent to this topic if no TTL value is set on the message itself.

*   `duplicateDetectionHistoryTimeWindow` - The ISO 8601 timespan duration during which duplicates can be detected.

*   `enableBatchedOperations` - Boolean flag which controls if server-side batched operations are enabled.

*   `enableExpress` - Boolean flag which controls whether Express Entities are enabled. An express topic holds a message in memory temporarily before writing it to persistent storage.

*   `enablePartitioning` - Boolean flag which controls whether to enable the topic to be partitioned across multiple message brokers.

*   `maxSizeInMegabytes` - Integer value which controls the size of memory allocated for the topic. For supported values see the "Queue/topic size" section of [this document](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-quotas).

*   `requiresDuplicateDetection` - Boolean flag which controls whether the Topic requires duplicate detection.

*   `status` - The Status of the Service Bus Topic. Acceptable values are Active or Disabled.

*   `supportOrdering` - Boolean flag which controls whether the Topic supports ordering.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Service Bus Topic.
