---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_signalr_service"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Azure SignalR service.
---

# Data Source: azurermSignalrService

Use this data source to access information about an existing Azure SignalR service.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.dataAzurermSignalrService.DataAzurermSignalrService(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    name: "test-signalr",
    resource_group_name: "signalr-resource-group",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - Specifies the name of the SignalR service.

*   `resourceGroupName` - Specifies the name of the resource group the SignalR service is located in.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the SignalR service.

*   `hostname` - The FQDN of the SignalR service.

*   `ipAddress` - The publicly accessible IP of the SignalR service.

*   `location` - Specifies the supported Azure location where the SignalR service exists.

*   `publicPort` - The publicly accessible port of the SignalR service which is designed for browser/client use.

*   `serverPort` - The publicly accessible port of the SignalR service which is designed for customer server side use.

*   `primaryAccessKey` - The primary access key of the SignalR service.

*   `primaryConnectionString` - The primary connection string of the SignalR service.

*   `secondaryAccessKey` - The secondary access key of the SignalR service.

*   `secondaryConnectionString` - The secondary connection string of the SignalR service.

*   `publicNetworkAccessEnabled` - Is public network access enabled for this SignalR service?

*   `localAuthEnabled` - Is local auth enable for this SignalR serviced?

*   `aadAuthEnabled` - Is aad auth enabled for this SignalR service?

*   `tlsClientCertEnabled` - Is tls client cert enabled for this SignalR service?

*   `serverlessConnectionTimeoutInSeconds` - The serverless connection timeout of this SignalR service.

*   `identity` - An `identity` block as documented below.

***

The `identity` block exports the following:

*   `type` - The type of identity used for the signalR service.

*   `userAssignedIdentityId` - The ID of the User Assigned Identity. This value will be empty when using system assigned identity.

*   `principalId` - The principal id of the system assigned identity.

*   `tenantId` - The tenant id of the system assigned identity.

***

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the SignalR service.
