---
subcategory: "Database"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_sql_database"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing SQL Azure Database.
---

# Data Source: azurermSqlDatabase

Use this data source to access information about an existing SQL Azure Database.

\-> **Note:** The `azurermSqlDatabase` data source is deprecated in version 3.0 of the AzureRM provider and will be removed in version 4.0. Please use the [`azurermMssqlDatabase`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/mssql_database) data source instead.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermSqlDatabaseExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermSqlDatabase.DataAzurermSqlDatabase(this, "example", {
    name: "example_db",
    resource_group_name: "example-resources",
    server_name: "example_db_server",
  });
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "sql_database_id", {
  value: dataAzurermSqlDatabaseExample.id,
});

```

## Argument Reference

*   `name` - The name of the SQL Database.

*   `serverName` - The name of the SQL Server.

*   `resourceGroupName` - Specifies the name of the Resource Group where the Azure SQL Database exists.

## Attributes Reference

*   `id` - The SQL Database ID.

*   `collation` - The name of the collation.

*   `creationDate` - The creation date of the SQL Database.

*   `defaultSecondaryLocation` - The default secondary location of the SQL Database.

*   `edition` - The edition of the database.

*   `elasticPoolName` - The name of the elastic database pool the database belongs to.

*   `failoverGroupId` - The ID of the failover group the database belongs to.

*   `location` - The location of the Resource Group in which the SQL Server exists.

*   `name` - The name of the database.

*   `readScale` - Indicate if read-only connections will be redirected to a high-available replica.

*   `requestedServiceObjectiveId` - The ID pertaining to the performance level of the database.

*   `requestedServiceObjectiveName` - The name pertaining to the performance level of the database.

*   `resourceGroupName` - The name of the resource group in which the database resides. This will always be the same resource group as the Database Server.

*   `serverName` - The name of the SQL Server on which to create the database.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the resource.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the SQL Azure Database.
