---
subcategory: "Compute"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_virtual_machine_scale_set"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Virtual Machine Scale Set.
---

# Data Source: azurermVirtualMachineScaleSet

Use this data source to access information about an existing Virtual Machine Scale Set.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermVirtualMachineScaleSetExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermVirtualMachineScaleSet.DataAzurermVirtualMachineScaleSet(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "existing",
      resource_group_name: "existing",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
  value: dataAzurermVirtualMachineScaleSetExample.id,
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of this Virtual Machine Scale Set.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Virtual Machine Scale Set exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Virtual Machine Scale Set.

*   `location` - The Azure Region in which this Virtual Machine Scale Set exists.

*   `identity` - A `identity` block as defined below.

*   `instances` - A list of `instances` blocks as defined below.

*   `networkInterface` - A list of `networkInterface` blocks as defined below.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `type` - The type of Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Virtual Machine Scale Set.

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Virtual Machine Scale Set.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID of the System Assigned Managed Service Identity that is configured on this Virtual Machine Scale Set.

*   `identityIds` - The list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs assigned to this Virtual Machine Scale Set.

***

`instances` exports the following:

* `computerName` - The Hostname of this Virtual Machine.
* `instanceId` - The Instance ID of this Virtual Machine.
* `latestModelApplied` - Whether the latest model has been applied to this Virtual Machine.
* `name` - The name of the this Virtual Machine.
* `privateIpAddress` - The Primary Private IP Address assigned to this Virtual Machine.
* `privateIpAddresses` - A list of Private IP Addresses assigned to this Virtual Machine.
* `publicIpAddress` - The Primary Public IP Address assigned to this Virtual Machine.
* `publicIpAddresses` - A list of the Public IP Addresses assigned to this Virtual Machine.
* `provisioningState` - The provisioning state of the virtual machine.
* `virtualMachineId` - The unique ID of the virtual machine.
* `zone` - The zones of the virtual machine.

***

`networkInterface` exports the following:

* `name` - The name of the network interface configuration.
* `primary` - Whether network interfaces created from the network interface configuration will be the primary NIC of the VM.
* `ipConfiguration` - An `ipConfiguration` block as documented below.
* `enableAcceleratedNetworking` - Whether to enable accelerated networking or not.
* `dnsServers` - An array of the DNS servers in use.
* `enableIpForwarding` - Whether IP forwarding is enabled on this NIC.
* `networkSecurityGroupId` - The identifier for the network security group.

`ipConfiguration` exports the following:

* `name` - The name of the IP configuration.
* `subnetId` - The the identifier of the subnet.
* `applicationGatewayBackendAddressPoolIds` - An array of references to backend address pools of application gateways.
* `loadBalancerBackendAddressPoolIds` - An array of references to backend address pools of load balancers.
* `loadBalancerInboundNatRulesIds` - An array of references to inbound NAT pools for load balancers.
* `primary` -  If this ip\_configuration is the primary one.
* `applicationSecurityGroupIds` -  The application security group IDs to use.
* `publicIpAddress` - The virtual machines scale set IP Configuration's PublicIPAddress configuration. The `publicIpAddress` is documented below.

`publicIpAddress` exports the following:

* `name` - The name of the public IP address configuration
* `idleTimeoutInMinutes` - The idle timeout in minutes.
* `domainNameLabel` - The domain name label for the DNS settings.
* `ipTag` - A list of `ipTag` blocks as defined below.
* `publicIpPrefixId` - The ID of the public IP prefix.
* `version` - The Internet Protocol Version of the public IP address.

`ipTag` exports the following:

* `tag` - The IP Tag associated with the Public IP.
* `type` - The Type of IP Tag.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Virtual Machine Scale Set.
