---
subcategory: "VMware (AVS)"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_vmware_private_cloud"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing VMware Private Cloud.
---

# Data Source: azurermVmwarePrivateCloud

Use this data source to access information about an existing VMware Private Cloud.

## Example Usage

\~> **NOTE :**  Normal `terraformApply` could ignore this note. Please disable correlation request id for continuous operations in one build (like acctest). The continuous operations like `update` or `delete` could not be triggered when it shares the same `correlationId` with its previous operation.

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermVmwarePrivateCloudExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermVmwarePrivateCloud.DataAzurermVmwarePrivateCloud(
    this,
    "example",
    {
      name: "existing-vmware-private-cloud",
      resource_group_name: "existing-resgroup",
    }
  );
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "id", {
  value: dataAzurermVmwarePrivateCloudExample.id,
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of this VMware Private Cloud.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the VMware Private Cloud exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the VMware Private Cloud.

*   `location` - The Azure Region where the VMware Private Cloud exists.

*   `circuit` - A `circuit` block as defined below.

*   `internetConnectionEnabled` - Is the VMware Private Cluster connected to the internet?

*   `managementCluster` - A `managementCluster` block as defined below.

*   `networkSubnetCidr` - The subnet CIDR of the VMware Private Cloud.

*   `hcxCloudManagerEndpoint` - The endpoint for the HCX Cloud Manager.

*   `nsxtManagerEndpoint` - The endpoint for the NSX-T Data Center manager.

*   `vcsaEndpoint` - The endpoint for Virtual Center Server Appliance.

*   `skuName` - The Name of the SKU used for this Private Cloud.

*   `nsxtCertificateThumbprint` - The thumbprint of the NSX-T Manager SSL certificate.

*   `vcenterCertificateThumbprint` - The thumbprint of the vCenter Server SSL certificate.

*   `managementSubnetCidr` - The network used to access vCenter Server and NSX-T Manager.

*   `provisioningSubnetCidr` - The network which isused for virtual machine cold migration, cloning, and snapshot migration.

*   `vmotionSubnetCidr` - The network which is used for live migration of virtual machines.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the VMware Private Cloud.

***

A `circuit` block exports the following:

*   `expressRouteId` - The ID of the ExpressRoute Circuit.

*   `expressRoutePrivatePeeringId` - The ID of the ExpressRoute Circuit private peering.

*   `primarySubnetCidr` - The CIDR of the primary subnet.

*   `secondarySubnetCidr` - The CIDR of the secondary subnet.

***

A `managementCluster` block exports the following:

*   `id` - The ID of the management cluster.

*   `size` - The size of the management cluster.

*   `hosts` - The list of the hosts in the management cluster.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the VMware Private Cloud.
