---
subcategory: "Network"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_vpn_gateway"
description: |-
    Manages a VPN Gateway within a Virtual Hub.
---

# Data Source: azurermVpnGateway

Use this data source to access information about an existing VPN Gateway within a Virtual Hub.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermVpnGatewayExample =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermVpnGateway.DataAzurermVpnGateway(this, "example", {
    name: "existing-local-vpn_gateway",
    resource_group_name: "existing-vpn_gateway",
  });
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "azurerm_vpn_gateway_id", {
  value: dataAzurermVpnGatewayExample.id,
});

```

## Argument Reference

*   `name` - (Required) The Name of the VPN Gateway.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the VPN Gateway exists.

## Attributes Reference

*   `id` - The ID of the VPN Gateway.

*   `location` - The Azure location where the VPN Gateway exists.

*   `virtualHubId` -  The ID of the Virtual Hub within which this VPN Gateway has been created.

*   `bgpSettings` - A `bgpSettings` block as defined below.

*   `scaleUnit` -  The Scale Unit of this VPN Gateway.

*   `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the VPN Gateway.

***

A `bgpSettings` block exports the following:

*   `asn` - The ASN of the BGP Speaker.

*   `peerWeight` -  The weight added to Routes learned from this BGP Speaker.

*   `instance0BgpPeeringAddress` -  An `instanceBgpPeeringAddress` block as defined below.

*   `instance1BgpPeeringAddress` -  An `instanceBgpPeeringAddress` block as defined below.

***

A `instanceBgpPeeringAddress` block exports the following:

*   `customIps` -  A list of custom BGP peering addresses to assigned to this instance.

*   `bgpSettings` - A `bgpSettings` block as defined below.

***

A `bgpSettings` block exports the following:

*   `bgpPeeringAddress` - The Address which should be used for the BGP Peering.

*   `instance0BgpPeeringAddress` - an `instanceBgpPeeringAddress` block as defined below.

*   `instance1BgpPeeringAddress` - an `instanceBgpPeeringAddress` block as defined below.

***

A `instanceBgpPeeringAddress` block exports the following:

*   `ipConfigurationId` - The pre-defined id of VPN Gateway IP Configuration.

*   `defaultIps` - The list of default BGP peering addresses which belong to the pre-defined VPN Gateway IP configuration.

*   `tunnelIps` - The list of tunnel public IP addresses which belong to the pre-defined VPN Gateway IP configuration.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the VPN Gateway.
