---
subcategory: "Audit Manager"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_auditmanager_assessment"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an AWS Audit Manager Assessment.
---

# Resource: aws\_auditmanager\_assessment

Terraform resource for managing an AWS Audit Manager Assessment.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.auditmanagerAssessment.AuditmanagerAssessment(this, "test", {
  assessmentReportsDestination: [
    {
      destination: "s3://${aws_s3_bucket.test.id}",
      destinationType: "S3",
    },
  ],
  frameworkId: "${aws_auditmanager_framework.test.id}",
  name: "example",
  roles: [
    {
      roleArn: "${aws_iam_role.test.arn}",
      roleType: "PROCESS_OWNER",
    },
  ],
  scope: [
    {
      awsAccounts: [
        {
          id: "${data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id}",
        },
      ],
      awsServices: [
        {
          serviceName: "S3",
        },
      ],
    },
  ],
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the assessment.
* `assessmentReportsDestination` - (Required) Assessment report storage destination configuration. See [`assessmentReportsDestination`](#assessment_reports_destination) below.
* `frameworkId` - (Required) Unique identifier of the framework the assessment will be created from.
* `roles` - (Required) List of roles for the assessment. See [`roles`](#roles) below.
* `scope` - (Required) Amazon Web Services accounts and services that are in scope for the assessment. See [`scope`](#scope) below.

The following arguments are optional:

* `description` - (Optional) Description of the assessment.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the assessment. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### assessment\_reports\_destination

* `destination` - (Required) Destination of the assessment report. This value be in the form `s3://{bucketName}`.
* `destinationType` - (Required) Destination type. Currently, `s3` is the only valid value.

### roles

* `roleArn` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role.
* `roleType` - (Required) Type of customer persona. For assessment creation, type must always be `processOwner`.

### scope

* `awsAccounts` - Amazon Web Services accounts that are in scope for the assessment. See [`awsAccounts`](#aws_accounts) below.
* `awsServices` - Amazon Web Services services that are included in the scope of the assessment. See [`awsServices`](#aws_services) below.

### aws\_accounts

* `id` - (Required) Identifier for the Amazon Web Services account.

### aws\_services

* `serviceName` - (Required) Name of the Amazon Web Service.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the assessment.
* `id` - Unique identifier for the assessment.
* `rolesAll` - Complete list of all roles with access to the assessment. This includes both roles explicitly configured via the `roles` block, and any roles which have access to all Audit Manager assessments by default.
* `status` - Status of the assessment. Valid values are `active` and `inactive`.

## Import

Audit Manager Assessments can be imported using the assessment `id`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_auditmanager_assessment.example abc123-de45
```
