---
subcategory: "Audit Manager"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_auditmanager_control"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an AWS Audit Manager Control.
---

# Resource: aws\_auditmanager\_control

Terraform resource for managing an AWS Audit Manager Control.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.auditmanagerControl.AuditmanagerControl(this, "example", {
  controlMappingSources: [
    {
      sourceName: "example",
      sourceSetUpOption: "Procedural_Controls_Mapping",
      sourceType: "MANUAL",
    },
  ],
  name: "example",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the control.
* `controlMappingSources` - (Required) Data mapping sources. See [`controlMappingSources`](#control_mapping_sources) below.

The following arguments are optional:

* `actionPlanInstructions` - (Optional) Recommended actions to carry out if the control isn't fulfilled.
* `actionPlanTitle` - (Optional) Title of the action plan for remediating the control.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of the control.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the control. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `testingInformation` - (Optional) Steps to follow to determine if the control is satisfied.

### control\_mapping\_sources

The following arguments are required:

* `sourceName` - (Required) Name of the source.
* `sourceSetUpOption` - (Required) The setup option for the data source. This option reflects if the evidence collection is automated or manual. Valid values are `systemControlsMapping` (automated) and `proceduralControlsMapping` (manual).
* `sourceType` - (Required) Type of data source for evidence collection. If `sourceSetUpOption` is manual, the only valid value is `manual`. If `sourceSetUpOption` is automated, valid values are `awsCloudtrail`, `awsConfig`, `awsSecurityHub`, or `awsApiCall`.

The following arguments are optional:

* `sourceDescription` - (Optional) Description of the source.
* `sourceFrequency` - (Optional) Frequency of evidence collection. Valid values are `daily`, `weekly`, or `monthly`.
* `sourceKeyword` - (Optional) The keyword to search for in CloudTrail logs, Config rules, Security Hub checks, and Amazon Web Services API names. See [`sourceKeyword`](#source_keyword) below.
* `troubleshootingText` - (Optional) Instructions for troubleshooting the control.

### source\_keyword

The following arguments are required:

* `keywordInputType` - (Required) Input method for the keyword. Valid values are `selectFromList`.
* `keywordValue` - (Required) The value of the keyword that's used when mapping a control data source. For example, this can be a CloudTrail event name, a rule name for Config, a Security Hub control, or the name of an Amazon Web Services API call. See the [Audit Manager supported control data sources documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/audit-manager/latest/userguide/control-data-sources.html) for more information.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the control.
* `controlMappingSources.*SourceId` - Unique identifier for the source.
* `id` - Unique identifier for the control.
* `type` - Type of control, such as a custom control or a standard control.

## Import

An Audit Manager Control can be imported using the `id`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_auditmanager_control.example abc123-de45
```
