---
subcategory: "Audit Manager"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_auditmanager_framework"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an AWS Audit Manager Framework.
---

# Resource: aws\_auditmanager\_framework

Terraform resource for managing an AWS Audit Manager Framework.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.auditmanagerFramework.AuditmanagerFramework(this, "test", {
  controlSets: [
    {
      controls: [
        {
          id: "${aws_auditmanager_control.test.id}",
        },
      ],
      name: "example",
    },
  ],
  name: "example",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the framework.
* `controlSets` - (Required) Control sets that are associated with the framework. See [`controlSets`](#control_sets) below.

The following arguments are optional:

* `complianceType` - (Optional) Compliance type that the new custom framework supports, such as `cis` or `hipaa`.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of the framework.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the framework. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### control\_sets

* `name` - (Required) Name of the control set.
* `controls` - (Required) List of controls within the control set. See [`controls`](#controls) below.

### controls

* `id` - (Required) Unique identifier of the control.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the framework.
* `controlSets[*]Id` - Unique identifier for the framework control set.
* `id` - Unique identifier for the framework.
* `frameworkType` - Framework type, such as a custom framework or a standard framework.

## Import

Audit Manager Framework can be imported using the framework `id`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_auditmanager_framework.example abc123-de45
```
