---
subcategory: "CloudWatch Logs"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_cloudwatch_log_subscription_filter"
description: |-
  Provides a CloudWatch Logs subscription filter.
---

# Resource: aws\_cloudwatch\_log\_subscription\_filter

Provides a CloudWatch Logs subscription filter resource.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.cloudwatchLogSubscriptionFilter.CloudwatchLogSubscriptionFilter(
  this,
  "test_lambdafunction_logfilter",
  {
    destinationArn: "${aws_kinesis_stream.test_logstream.arn}",
    distribution: "Random",
    filterPattern: "logtype test",
    logGroupName: "/aws/lambda/example_lambda_name",
    name: "test_lambdafunction_logfilter",
    roleArn: "${aws_iam_role.iam_for_lambda.arn}",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) A name for the subscription filter
* `destinationArn` - (Required) The ARN of the destination to deliver matching log events to. Kinesis stream or Lambda function ARN.
* `filterPattern` - (Required) A valid CloudWatch Logs filter pattern for subscribing to a filtered stream of log events. Use empty string `""` to match everything. For more information, see the [Amazon CloudWatch Logs User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/logs/FilterAndPatternSyntax.html).
* `logGroupName` - (Required) The name of the log group to associate the subscription filter with
* `roleArn` - (Optional) The ARN of an IAM role that grants Amazon CloudWatch Logs permissions to deliver ingested log events to the destination. If you use Lambda as a destination, you should skip this argument and use `awsLambdaPermission` resource for granting access from CloudWatch logs to the destination Lambda function.
* `distribution` - (Optional) The method used to distribute log data to the destination. By default log data is grouped by log stream, but the grouping can be set to random for a more even distribution. This property is only applicable when the destination is an Amazon Kinesis stream. Valid values are "Random" and "ByLogStream".

## Attributes Reference

No additional attributes are exported.

## Import

CloudWatch Logs subscription filter can be imported using the log group name and subscription filter name separated by `|`.

```console
$ terraform import aws_cloudwatch_log_subscription_filter.test_lambdafunction_logfilter /aws/lambda/example_lambda_name|test_lambdafunction_logfilter
```
