---
subcategory: "CloudFront"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_cloudfront_field_level_encryption_profile"
description: |-
  Provides a CloudFront Field-level Encryption Profile resource.
---

# Resource: aws\_cloudfront\_field\_level\_encryption\_profile

Provides a CloudFront Field-level Encryption Profile resource.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const awsCloudfrontPublicKeyExample =
  new aws.cloudfrontPublicKey.CloudfrontPublicKey(this, "example", {
    comment: "test public key",
    encodedKey: '${file("public_key.pem")}',
    name: "test_key",
  });
new aws.cloudfrontFieldLevelEncryptionProfile.CloudfrontFieldLevelEncryptionProfile(
  this,
  "test",
  {
    comment: "test comment",
    encryptionEntities: {
      items: [
        {
          fieldPatterns: {
            items: ["DateOfBirth"],
          },
          providerId: "test provider",
          publicKeyId: awsCloudfrontPublicKeyExample.id,
        },
      ],
    },
    name: "test profile",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Field Level Encryption Profile.
* `comment` - (Optional) An optional comment about the Field Level Encryption Profile.
* `encryptionEntities` - (Required) The [encryption entities](#encryption-entities) config block for field-level encryption profiles that contains an attribute `items` which includes the encryption key and field pattern specifications.

### Encryption Entities

* `publicKeyId` - (Required) The public key associated with a set of field-level encryption patterns, to be used when encrypting the fields that match the patterns.
* `providerId` - (Required) The provider associated with the public key being used for encryption.
* `fieldPatterns` - (Required) Object that contains an attribute `items` that contains the list of field patterns in a field-level encryption content type profile specify the fields that you want to be encrypted.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `callerReference` - Internal value used by CloudFront to allow future updates to the Field Level Encryption Profile.
* `etag` - The current version of the Field Level Encryption Profile. For example: `e2Qwruhapomqzl`.
* `id` - The identifier for the Field Level Encryption Profile. For example: `k3D5Eweudccxon`.

## Import

Cloudfront Field Level Encryption Profile can be imported using the `id`, e.g.

```console
$ terraform import aws_cloudfront_field_level_encryption_profile.profile K3D5EWEUDCCXON
```
