---
subcategory: "CloudFront"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_cloudfront_function"
description: |-
  Provides a CloudFront Function resource. With CloudFront Functions in Amazon CloudFront, you can write lightweight functions in JavaScript for high-scale, latency-sensitive CDN customizations.
---

# Resource: aws\_cloudfront\_function

Provides a CloudFront Function resource. With CloudFront Functions in Amazon CloudFront, you can write lightweight functions in JavaScript for high-scale, latency-sensitive CDN customizations.

See [CloudFront Functions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/cloudfront-functions.html)

\~> **NOTE:** You cannot delete a function if it’s associated with a cache behavior. First, update your distributions to remove the function association from all cache behaviors, then delete the function.

## Example Usage

### Basic Example

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.cloudfrontFunction.CloudfrontFunction(this, "test", {
  code: '${file("${path.module}/function.js")}',
  comment: "my function",
  name: "test",
  publish: true,
  runtime: "cloudfront-js-1.0",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `name` - (Required) Unique name for your CloudFront Function.
* `code` - (Required) Source code of the function
* `runtime` - (Required) Identifier of the function's runtime. Currently only `cloudfrontJs10` is valid.

The following arguments are optional:

* `comment` - (Optional) Comment.
* `publish` - (Optional) Whether to publish creation/change as Live CloudFront Function Version. Defaults to `true`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) identifying your CloudFront Function.
* `etag` - ETag hash of the function. This is the value for the `development` stage of the function.
* `liveStageEtag` - ETag hash of any `live` stage of the function.
* `status` - Status of the function. Can be `unpublished`, `unassociated` or `associated`.

## Import

CloudFront Functions can be imported using the `name`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_cloudfront_function.test my_test_function
```
