---
subcategory: "CodeStar Connections"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_codestarconnections_host"
description: |-
  Provides a CodeStar Host
---

# Resource: aws\_codestarconnections\_host

Provides a CodeStar Host.

\~> **NOTE:** The `awsCodestarconnectionsHost` resource is created in the state `pending`. Authentication with the host provider must be completed in the AWS Console. For more information visit [Set up a pending host](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dtconsole/latest/userguide/connections-host-setup.html).

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.codestarconnectionsHost.CodestarconnectionsHost(this, "example", {
  name: "example-host",
  providerEndpoint: "https://example.com",
  providerType: "GitHubEnterpriseServer",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the host to be created. The name must be unique in the calling AWS account.
* `providerEndpoint` - (Required) The endpoint of the infrastructure to be represented by the host after it is created.
* `providerType` - (Required) The name of the external provider where your third-party code repository is configured.
* `vpcConfiguration` - (Optional) The VPC configuration to be provisioned for the host. A VPC must be configured, and the infrastructure to be represented by the host must already be connected to the VPC.

A `vpcConfiguration` block supports the following arguments:

* `securityGroupIds` - (Required) he ID of the security group or security groups associated with the Amazon VPC connected to the infrastructure where your provider type is installed.
* `subnetIds` - (Required) The ID of the subnet or subnets associated with the Amazon VPC connected to the infrastructure where your provider type is installed.
* `tlsCertificate` - (Optional) The value of the Transport Layer Security (TLS) certificate associated with the infrastructure where your provider type is installed.
* `vpcId` - (Required) The ID of the Amazon VPC connected to the infrastructure where your provider type is installed.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The CodeStar Host ARN.
* `arn` - The CodeStar Host ARN.
* `status` - The CodeStar Host status. Possible values are `pending`, `available`, `vpcConfigDeleting`, `vpcConfigInitializing`, and `vpcConfigFailedInitialization`.

## Import

CodeStar Host can be imported using the ARN, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_codestarconnections_host.example-host arn:aws:codestar-connections:us-west-1:0123456789:host/79d4d357-a2ee-41e4-b350-2fe39ae59448
```
