---
subcategory: "Comprehend"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_comprehend_document_classifier"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an AWS Comprehend Document Classifier.
---

# Resource: aws\_comprehend\_document\_classifier

Terraform resource for managing an AWS Comprehend Document Classifier.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const awsS3ObjectDocuments = new aws.s3Object.S3Object(this, "documents", {});
new aws.s3Object.S3Object(this, "entities", {});
new aws.comprehendDocumentClassifier.ComprehendDocumentClassifier(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    dataAccessRoleArn: "${aws_iam_role.example.arn}",
    depends_on: ["${aws_iam_role_policy.example}"],
    inputDataConfig: {
      s3Uri: `s3://\${aws_s3_bucket.test.bucket}/\${${awsS3ObjectDocuments.id}}`,
    },
    languageCode: "en",
    name: "example",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `dataAccessRoleArn` - (Required) The ARN for an IAM Role which allows Comprehend to read the training and testing data.
* `inputDataConfig` - (Required) Configuration for the training and testing data.
  See the [`inputDataConfig` Configuration Block](#input_data_config-configuration-block) section below.
* `languageCode` - (Required) Two-letter language code for the language.
  One of `en`, `es`, `fr`, `it`, `de`, or `pt`.
* `name` - (Required) Name for the Document Classifier.
  Has a maximum length of 63 characters.
  Can contain upper- and lower-case letters, numbers, and hypen (`-`).

The following arguments are optional:

* `mode` - (Optional, Default: `multiClass`) The document classification mode.
  One of `multiClass` or `multiLabel`.
  `multiClass` is also known as "Single Label" in the AWS Console.
* `modelKmsKeyId` - (Optional) KMS Key used to encrypt trained Document Classifiers.
  Can be a KMS Key ID or a KMS Key ARN.
* `outputDataConfig` - (Optional) Configuration for the output results of training.
  See the [`outputDataConfig` Configuration Block](#output_data_config-configuration-block) section below.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` Configuration Block](/docs/providers/aws/index.html#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `versionName` - (Optional) Name for the version of the Document Classifier.
  Each version must have a unique name within the Document Classifier.
  If omitted, Terraform will assign a random, unique version name.
  If explicitly set to `""`, no version name will be set.
  Has a maximum length of 63 characters.
  Can contain upper- and lower-case letters, numbers, and hypen (`-`).
  Conflicts with `versionNamePrefix`.
* `versionNamePrefix` - (Optional) Creates a unique version name beginning with the specified prefix.
  Has a maximum length of 37 characters.
  Can contain upper- and lower-case letters, numbers, and hypen (`-`).
  Conflicts with `versionName`.
* `volumeKmsKeyId` - (Optional) KMS Key used to encrypt storage volumes during job processing.
  Can be a KMS Key ID or a KMS Key ARN.
* `vpcConfig` - (Optional) Configuration parameters for VPC to contain Document Classifier resources.
  See the [`vpcConfig` Configuration Block](#vpc_config-configuration-block) section below.

### `inputDataConfig` Configuration Block

* `augmentedManifests` - (Optional) List of training datasets produced by Amazon SageMaker Ground Truth.
  Used if `dataFormat` is `augmentedManifest`.
  See the [`augmentedManifests` Configuration Block](#augmented_manifests-configuration-block) section below.
* `dataFormat` - (Optional, Default: `comprehendCsv`) The format for the training data.
  One of `comprehendCsv` or `augmentedManifest`.
* `labelDelimiter` - (Optional) Delimiter between labels when training a multi-label classifier.
  Valid values are `|`, `~`, `!`, `@`, `#`, `$`, `%`, `^`, `*`, `-`, `_`, `+`, `=`, `\`, `:`, `;`, `>`, `?`, `/`, `<space>`, and `<tab>`.
  Default is `|`.
* `s3Uri` - (Optional) Location of training documents.
  Used if `dataFormat` is `comprehendCsv`.
* `testS3Uri` - (Optional) Location of test documents.

### `augmentedManifests` Configuration Block

* `annotationDataS3Uri` - (Optional) Location of annotation files.
* `attributeNames` - (Required) The JSON attribute that contains the annotations for the training documents.
* `documentType` - (Optional, Default: `plainTextDocument`) Type of augmented manifest.
  One of `plainTextDocument` or `semiStructuredDocument`.
* `s3Uri` - (Required) Location of augmented manifest file.
* `sourceDocumentsS3Uri` - (Optional) Location of source PDF files.
* `split` - (Optional, Default: `train`) Purpose of data in augmented manifest.
  One of `train` or `test`.

### `outputDataConfig` Configuration Block

* `kmsKeyId` - (Optional) KMS Key used to encrypt the output documents.
  Can be a KMS Key ID, a KMS Key ARN, a KMS Alias name, or a KMS Alias ARN.
* `outputS3Uri` - (Computed) Full path for the output documents.
* `s3Uri` - (Required) Destination path for the output documents.
  The full path to the output file will be returned in `outputS3Uri`.

### `vpcConfig` Configuration Block

* `securityGroupIds` - (Required) List of security group IDs.
* `subnets` - (Required) List of VPC subnets.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - ARN of the Document Classifier version.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](/docs/providers/aws/index.html#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Timeouts

`awsComprehendDocumentClassifier` provides the following [Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) configuration options:

* `create` - (Optional, Default: `60M`)
* `update` - (Optional, Default: `60M`)
* `delete` - (Optional, Default: `30M`)

## Import

Comprehend Document Classifier can be imported using the ARN, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_comprehend_document_classifier.example arn:aws:comprehend:us-west-2:123456789012:document_classifier/example
```
