---
subcategory: "Config"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_config_configuration_recorder"
description: |-
  Provides an AWS Config Configuration Recorder.
---

# Resource: aws\_config\_configuration\_recorder

Provides an AWS Config Configuration Recorder. Please note that this resource **does not start** the created recorder automatically.

\~> **Note:** *Starting* the Configuration Recorder requires a [delivery channel](/docs/providers/aws/r/config_delivery_channel.html) (while delivery channel creation requires Configuration Recorder). This is why [`awsConfigConfigurationRecorderStatus`](/docs/providers/aws/r/config_configuration_recorder_status.html) is a separate resource.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const awsIamRoleR = new aws.iamRole.IamRole(this, "r", {
  assumeRolePolicy:
    '{\n  "Version": "2012-10-17",\n  "Statement": [\n    {\n      "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",\n      "Principal": {\n        "Service": "config.amazonaws.com"\n      },\n      "Effect": "Allow",\n      "Sid": ""\n    }\n  ]\n}\n',
  name: "awsconfig-example",
});
new aws.configConfigurationRecorder.ConfigConfigurationRecorder(this, "foo", {
  name: "example",
  roleArn: awsIamRoleR.arn,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the recorder. Defaults to `default`. Changing it recreates the resource.
* `roleArn` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role. Used to make read or write requests to the delivery channel and to describe the AWS resources associated with the account. See [AWS Docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/iamrole-permissions.html) for more details.
* `recordingGroup` - (Optional) Recording group - see below.

### `recordingGroup`

* `allSupported` - (Optional) Specifies whether AWS Config records configuration changes for every supported type of regional resource (which includes any new type that will become supported in the future). Conflicts with `resourceTypes`. Defaults to `true`.
* `includeGlobalResourceTypes` - (Optional) Specifies whether AWS Config includes all supported types of *global resources* with the resources that it records. Requires `allSupported =True`. Conflicts with `resourceTypes`.
* `resourceTypes` - (Optional) A list that specifies the types of AWS resources for which AWS Config records configuration changes (for example, `aws::ec2::instance` or `aws::cloudTrail::trail`). See [relevant part of AWS Docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/APIReference/API_ResourceIdentifier.html#config-Type-ResourceIdentifier-resourceType) for available types. In order to use this attribute, `allSupported` must be set to false.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Name of the recorder

## Import

Configuration Recorder can be imported using the name, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_config_configuration_recorder.foo example
```
