---
subcategory: "Connect"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_connect_vocabulary"
description: |-
  Provides details about a specific Amazon Connect Vocabulary
---

# Resource: aws\_connect\_vocabulary

Provides an Amazon Connect Vocabulary resource. For more information see
[Amazon Connect: Getting Started](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/amazon-connect-get-started.html)

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.connectVocabulary.ConnectVocabulary(this, "example", {
  content:
    "Phrase\tIPA\tSoundsLike\tDisplayAs\nLos-Angeles\t\t\tLos Angeles\nF.B.I.\t\u025B f b i a\u026A\t\tFBI\nEtienne\t\teh-tee-en\t",
  instanceId: "aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-111111111111",
  languageCode: "en-US",
  name: "example",
  tags: {
    Key1: "Value1",
  },
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `content` - (Required) The content of the custom vocabulary in plain-text format with a table of values. Each row in the table represents a word or a phrase, described with Phrase, IPA, SoundsLike, and DisplayAs fields. Separate the fields with TAB characters. For more information, see [Create a custom vocabulary using a table](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/dg/custom-vocabulary.html#create-vocabulary-table). Minimum length of `1`. Maximum length of `60000`.
* `instanceId` - (Required) Specifies the identifier of the hosting Amazon Connect Instance.
* `languageCode` - (Required) The language code of the vocabulary entries. For a list of languages and their corresponding language codes, see [What is Amazon Transcribe?](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/dg/transcribe-whatis.html). Valid Values are `arAe`, `deCh`, `deDe`, `enAb`, `enAu`, `enGb`, `enIe`, `enIn`, `enUs`, `enWl`, `esEs`, `esUs`, `frCa`, `frFr`, `hiIn`, `itIt`, `jaJp`, `koKr`, `ptBr`, `ptPt`, `zhCn`.
* `name` - (Required) A unique name of the custom vocabulary. Must not be more than 140 characters.
* `tags` - (Optional) Tags to apply to the vocabulary. If configured with a provider
  [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `5M`)
* `delete` - (Default `100M`)

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the vocabulary.
* `failureReason` - The reason why the custom vocabulary was not created.
* `id` - The identifier of the hosting Amazon Connect Instance and identifier of the vocabulary
  separated by a colon (`:`).
* `lastModifiedTime` - The timestamp when the custom vocabulary was last modified.
* `state` - The current state of the custom vocabulary. Valid values are `creationInProgress`, `active`, `creationFailed`, `deleteInProgress`.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).
* `vocabularyId` - The identifier of the custom vocabulary.

## Import

Amazon Connect Vocabularies can be imported using the `instanceId` and `vocabularyId` separated by a colon (`:`), e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_connect_vocabulary.example f1288a1f-6193-445a-b47e-af739b2:c1d4e5f6-1b3c-1b3c-1b3c-c1d4e5f6c1d4e5
```
