---
subcategory: "Connect"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_connect_security_profile"
description: |-
  Provides details about a specific Amazon Connect Security Profile.
---

# Resource: aws\_connect\_security\_profile

Provides an Amazon Connect Security Profile resource. For more information see
[Amazon Connect: Getting Started](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/amazon-connect-get-started.html)

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.connectSecurityProfile.ConnectSecurityProfile(this, "example", {
  description: "example description",
  instanceId: "aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-111111111111",
  name: "example",
  permissions: ["BasicAgentAccess", "OutboundCallAccess"],
  tags: {
    Name: "Example Security Profile",
  },
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `description` - (Optional) Specifies the description of the Security Profile.
* `instanceId` - (Required) Specifies the identifier of the hosting Amazon Connect Instance.
* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Security Profile.
* `permissions` - (Optional) Specifies a list of permissions assigned to the security profile.
* `tags` - (Optional) Tags to apply to the Security Profile. If configured with a provider
  [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Security Profile.
* `organizationResourceId` - The organization resource identifier for the security profile.
* `securityProfileId` - The identifier for the Security Profile.
* `id` - The identifier of the hosting Amazon Connect Instance and identifier of the Security Profile separated by a colon (`:`).
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

Amazon Connect Security Profiles can be imported using the `instanceId` and `securityProfileId` separated by a colon (`:`), e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_connect_security_profile.example f1288a1f-6193-445a-b47e-af739b2:c1d4e5f6-1b3c-1b3c-1b3c-c1d4e5f6c1d4e5
```
