---
subcategory: "VPN (Site-to-Site)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_customer_gateway"
description: |-
  Provides a customer gateway inside a VPC. These objects can be
  connected to VPN gateways via VPN connections, and allow you to
  establish tunnels between your network and the VPC.
---

# Resource: aws\_customer\_gateway

Provides a customer gateway inside a VPC. These objects can be connected to VPN gateways via VPN connections, and allow you to establish tunnels between your network and the VPC.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.customerGateway.CustomerGateway(this, "main", {
  bgpAsn: 65000,
  ipAddress: "172.83.124.10",
  tags: {
    Name: "main-customer-gateway",
  },
  type: "ipsec.1",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `bgpAsn` - (Required) The gateway's Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) Autonomous System Number (ASN).
* `certificateArn` - (Optional) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the customer gateway certificate.
* `deviceName` - (Optional) A name for the customer gateway device.
* `ipAddress` - (Optional) The IPv4 address for the customer gateway device's outside interface.
* `type` - (Required) The type of customer gateway. The only type AWS
  supports at this time is "ipsec.1".
* `tags` - (Optional) Tags to apply to the gateway. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The amazon-assigned ID of the gateway.
* `arn` - The ARN of the customer gateway.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

Customer Gateways can be imported using the `id`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_customer_gateway.main cgw-b4dc3961
```
