---
subcategory: "DataSync"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_datasync_location_fsx_windows_file_system"
description: |-
  Manages an FSx Windows Location within AWS DataSync.
---

# Resource: aws\_datasync\_location\_fsx\_windows\_file\_system

Manages an AWS DataSync FSx Windows Location.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.datasyncLocationFsxWindowsFileSystem.DatasyncLocationFsxWindowsFileSystem(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    fsxFilesystemArn: "${aws_fsx_windows_file_system.example.arn}",
    password: "SuperSecretPassw0rd",
    securityGroupArns: ["${aws_security_group.example.arn}"],
    user: "SomeUser",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `fsxFilesystemArn` - (Required) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the FSx for Windows file system.
* `password` - (Required) The password of the user who has the permissions to access files and folders in the FSx for Windows file system.
* `user` - (Required) The user who has the permissions to access files and folders in the FSx for Windows file system.
* `domain` - (Optional) The name of the Windows domain that the FSx for Windows server belongs to.
* `securityGroupArns` - (Optional) The Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the security groups that are to use to configure the FSx for Windows file system.
* `subdirectory` - (Optional) Subdirectory to perform actions as source or destination.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value pairs of resource tags to assign to the DataSync Location. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the DataSync Location.
* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the DataSync Location.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).
* `uri` - The URL of the FSx for Windows location that was described.
* `creationTime` - The time that the FSx for Windows location was created.

## Import

`awsDatasyncLocationFsxWindowsFileSystem` can be imported by using the `dataSyncArn#fSxWindowsArn`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_datasync_location_fsx_windows_file_system.example arn:aws:datasync:us-west-2:123456789012:location/loc-12345678901234567#arn:aws:fsx:us-west-2:476956259333:file-system/fs-08e04cd442c1bb94a
```
