---
subcategory: "DataSync"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_datasync_location_s3"
description: |-
  Manages an AWS DataSync S3 Location
---

# Resource: aws\_datasync\_location\_s3

Manages an S3 Location within AWS DataSync.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.datasyncLocationS3.DatasyncLocationS3(this, "example", {
  s3BucketArn: "${aws_s3_bucket.example.arn}",
  s3Config: {
    bucketAccessRoleArn: "${aws_iam_role.example.arn}",
  },
  subdirectory: "/example/prefix",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `agentArns` - (Optional) A list of DataSync Agent ARNs with which this location will be associated.
* `s3BucketArn` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the S3 Bucket.
* `s3Config` - (Required) Configuration block containing information for connecting to S3.
* `s3StorageClass` - (Optional) The Amazon S3 storage class that you want to store your files in when this location is used as a task destination. [Valid values](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/datasync/latest/userguide/create-s3-location.html#using-storage-classes)
* `subdirectory` - (Required) Prefix to perform actions as source or destination.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value pairs of resource tags to assign to the DataSync Location. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### s3\_config Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported inside the `s3Config` configuration block:

* `bucketAccessRoleArn` - (Required) ARN of the IAM Role used to connect to the S3 Bucket.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the DataSync Location.
* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the DataSync Location.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

`awsDatasyncLocationS3` can be imported by using the DataSync Task Amazon Resource Name (ARN), e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_datasync_location_s3.example arn:aws:datasync:us-east-1:123456789012:location/loc-12345678901234567
```
