---
subcategory: "DataSync"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_datasync_location_nfs"
description: |-
  Manages an AWS DataSync NFS Location
---

# Resource: aws\_datasync\_location\_nfs

Manages an NFS Location within AWS DataSync.

\~> **NOTE:** The DataSync Agents must be available before creating this resource.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.datasyncLocationNfs.DatasyncLocationNfs(this, "example", {
  onPremConfig: {
    agentArns: ["${aws_datasync_agent.example.arn}"],
  },
  serverHostname: "nfs.example.com",
  subdirectory: "/exported/path",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `mountOptions` - (Optional) Configuration block containing mount options used by DataSync to access the NFS Server.
* `onPremConfig` - (Required) Configuration block containing information for connecting to the NFS File System.
* `serverHostname` - (Required) Specifies the IP address or DNS name of the NFS server. The DataSync Agent(s) use this to mount the NFS server.
* `subdirectory` - (Required) Subdirectory to perform actions as source or destination. Should be exported by the NFS server.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value pairs of resource tags to assign to the DataSync Location. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### mount\_options Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported inside the `mountOptions` configuration block:

* `version` - (Optional) The specific NFS version that you want DataSync to use for mounting your NFS share. Valid values: `automatic`, `nfs3`, `nfs40` and `nfs41`. Default: `automatic`

### on\_prem\_config Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported inside the `onPremConfig` configuration block:

* `agentArns` - (Required) List of Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the DataSync Agents used to connect to the NFS server.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the DataSync Location.
* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the DataSync Location.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

`awsDatasyncLocationNfs` can be imported by using the DataSync Task Amazon Resource Name (ARN), e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_datasync_location_nfs.example arn:aws:datasync:us-east-1:123456789012:location/loc-12345678901234567
```
