---
subcategory: "RDS (Relational Database)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_db_cluster_snapshot"
description: |-
  Manages an RDS database cluster snapshot.
---

# Resource: aws\_db\_cluster\_snapshot

Manages an RDS database cluster snapshot for Aurora clusters. For managing RDS database instance snapshots, see the [`awsDbSnapshot` resource](/docs/providers/aws/r/db_snapshot.html).

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dbClusterSnapshot.DbClusterSnapshot(this, "example", {
  dbClusterIdentifier: "${aws_rds_cluster.example.id}",
  dbClusterSnapshotIdentifier: "resourcetestsnapshot1234",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `dbClusterIdentifier` - (Required) The DB Cluster Identifier from which to take the snapshot.
* `dbClusterSnapshotIdentifier` - (Required) The Identifier for the snapshot.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the DB cluster. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `allocatedStorage` - Allocated storage size in gigabytes (GB).
* `availabilityZones` - List of EC2 Availability Zones that instances in the DB cluster snapshot can be restored in.
* `dbClusterSnapshotArn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the DB Cluster Snapshot.
* `engine` - Name of the database engine.
* `engineVersion` - Version of the database engine for this DB cluster snapshot.
* `kmsKeyId` - If storage\_encrypted is true, the AWS KMS key identifier for the encrypted DB cluster snapshot.
* `licenseModel` - License model information for the restored DB cluster.
* `port` - Port that the DB cluster was listening on at the time of the snapshot.
* `sourceDbClusterSnapshotIdentifier` - DB Cluster Snapshot ARN that the DB Cluster Snapshot was copied from. It only has value in case of cross customer or cross region copy.
* `storageEncrypted` - Whether the DB cluster snapshot is encrypted.
* `status` - The status of this DB Cluster Snapshot.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).
* `vpcId` - The VPC ID associated with the DB cluster snapshot.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `20M`)

## Import

`awsDbClusterSnapshot` can be imported by using the cluster snapshot identifier, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_db_cluster_snapshot.example my-cluster-snapshot
```
