---
subcategory: "Device Farm"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_devicefarm_instance_profile"
description: |-
  Provides a Devicefarm instance profile
---

# Resource: aws\_devicefarm\_instance\_profile

Provides a resource to manage AWS Device Farm Instance Profiles.
∂
\~> **NOTE:** AWS currently has limited regional support for Device Farm (e.g., `usWest2`). See [AWS Device Farm endpoints and quotas](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/devicefarm.html) for information on supported regions.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.devicefarmInstanceProfile.DevicefarmInstanceProfile(this, "example", {
  name: "example",
});

```

## Argument Reference

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the instance profile.
* `excludeAppPackagesFromCleanup` - (Optional) An array of strings that specifies the list of app packages that should not be cleaned up from the device after a test run.
* `name` - (Required) The name for the instance profile.
* `packageCleanup` - (Optional) When set to `true`, Device Farm removes app packages after a test run. The default value is `false` for private devices.
* `rebootAfterUse` - (Optional) When set to `true`, Device Farm reboots the instance after a test run. The default value is `true`.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name of this instance profile.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

DeviceFarm Instance Profiles can be imported by their arn:

```console
$ terraform import aws_devicefarm_instance_profile.example arn:aws:devicefarm:us-west-2:123456789012:instanceprofile:4fa784c7-ccb4-4dbf-ba4f-02198320daa1
```
