---
subcategory: "Direct Connect"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_dx_hosted_public_virtual_interface"
description: |-
  Provides a Direct Connect hosted public virtual interface resource.
---

# Resource: aws\_dx\_hosted\_public\_virtual\_interface

Provides a Direct Connect hosted public virtual interface resource. This resource represents the allocator's side of the hosted virtual interface.
A hosted virtual interface is a virtual interface that is owned by another AWS account.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dxHostedPublicVirtualInterface.DxHostedPublicVirtualInterface(
  this,
  "foo",
  {
    addressFamily: "ipv4",
    amazonAddress: "175.45.176.2/30",
    bgpAsn: 65352,
    connectionId: "dxcon-zzzzzzzz",
    customerAddress: "175.45.176.1/30",
    name: "vif-foo",
    routeFilterPrefixes: ["210.52.109.0/24", "175.45.176.0/22"],
    vlan: 4094,
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `addressFamily` - (Required) The address family for the BGP peer. `ipv4` or `ipv6`.
* `bgpAsn` - (Required) The autonomous system (AS) number for Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) configuration.
* `connectionId` - (Required) The ID of the Direct Connect connection (or LAG) on which to create the virtual interface.
* `name` - (Required) The name for the virtual interface.
* `ownerAccountId` - (Required) The AWS account that will own the new virtual interface.
* `routeFilterPrefixes` - (Required) A list of routes to be advertised to the AWS network in this region.
* `vlan` - (Required) The VLAN ID.
* `amazonAddress` - (Optional) The IPv4 CIDR address to use to send traffic to Amazon. Required for IPv4 BGP peers.
* `bgpAuthKey` - (Optional) The authentication key for BGP configuration.
* `customerAddress` - (Optional) The IPv4 CIDR destination address to which Amazon should send traffic. Required for IPv4 BGP peers.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the virtual interface.
* `arn` - The ARN of the virtual interface.
* `awsDevice` - The Direct Connect endpoint on which the virtual interface terminates.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `10M`)
* `delete` - (Default `10M`)

## Import

Direct Connect hosted public virtual interfaces can be imported using the `vifId`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_dx_hosted_public_virtual_interface.test dxvif-33cc44dd
```
