---
subcategory: "Direct Connect"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_dx_private_virtual_interface"
description: |-
  Provides a Direct Connect private virtual interface resource.
---

# Resource: aws\_dx\_private\_virtual\_interface

Provides a Direct Connect private virtual interface resource.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dxPrivateVirtualInterface.DxPrivateVirtualInterface(this, "foo", {
  addressFamily: "ipv4",
  bgpAsn: 65352,
  connectionId: "dxcon-zzzzzzzz",
  name: "vif-foo",
  vlan: 4094,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `addressFamily` - (Required) The address family for the BGP peer. `ipv4` or `ipv6`.
* `bgpAsn` - (Required) The autonomous system (AS) number for Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) configuration.
* `connectionId` - (Required) The ID of the Direct Connect connection (or LAG) on which to create the virtual interface.
* `name` - (Required) The name for the virtual interface.
* `vlan` - (Required) The VLAN ID.
* `amazonAddress` - (Optional) The IPv4 CIDR address to use to send traffic to Amazon. Required for IPv4 BGP peers.
* `mtu` - (Optional) The maximum transmission unit (MTU) is the size, in bytes, of the largest permissible packet that can be passed over the connection.
  The MTU of a virtual private interface can be either `1500` or `9001` (jumbo frames). Default is `1500`.
* `bgpAuthKey` - (Optional) The authentication key for BGP configuration.
* `customerAddress` - (Optional) The IPv4 CIDR destination address to which Amazon should send traffic. Required for IPv4 BGP peers.
* `dxGatewayId` - (Optional) The ID of the Direct Connect gateway to which to connect the virtual interface.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `vpnGatewayId` - (Optional) The ID of the [virtual private gateway](vpn_gateway.html) to which to connect the virtual interface.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the virtual interface.
* `arn` - The ARN of the virtual interface.
* `jumboFrameCapable` - Indicates whether jumbo frames (9001 MTU) are supported.
* `awsDevice` - The Direct Connect endpoint on which the virtual interface terminates.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `10M`)
* `update` - (Default `10M`)
* `delete` - (Default `10M`)

## Import

Direct Connect private virtual interfaces can be imported using the `vifId`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_dx_private_virtual_interface.test dxvif-33cc44dd
```
