---
subcategory: "VPC (Virtual Private Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ec2_managed_prefix_list"
description: |-
  Provides a managed prefix list resource.
---

# Resource: aws\_ec2\_managed\_prefix\_list

Provides a managed prefix list resource.

\~> **NOTE on Managed Prefix Lists and Managed Prefix List Entries:** Terraform
currently provides both a standalone [Managed Prefix List Entry resource](ec2_managed_prefix_list_entry.html) (a single entry),
and a Managed Prefix List resource with entries defined in-line. At this time you
cannot use a Managed Prefix List with in-line rules in conjunction with any Managed
Prefix List Entry resources. Doing so will cause a conflict of entries and will overwrite entries.

\~> **NOTE on `maxEntries`:** When you reference a Prefix List in a resource,
the maximum number of entries for the prefix lists counts as the same number of rules
or entries for the resource. For example, if you create a prefix list with a maximum
of 20 entries and you reference that prefix list in a security group rule, this counts
as 20 rules for the security group.

## Example Usage

Basic usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.ec2ManagedPrefixList.Ec2ManagedPrefixList(this, "example", {
  addressFamily: "IPv4",
  entry: [
    {
      cidr: "${aws_vpc.example.cidr_block}",
      description: "Primary",
    },
    {
      cidr: "${aws_vpc_ipv4_cidr_block_association.example.cidr_block}",
      description: "Secondary",
    },
  ],
  maxEntries: 5,
  name: "All VPC CIDR-s",
  tags: {
    Env: "live",
  },
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `addressFamily` - (Required, Forces new resource) Address family (`iPv4` or `iPv6`) of this prefix list.
* `entry` - (Optional) Configuration block for prefix list entry. Detailed below. Different entries may have overlapping CIDR blocks, but a particular CIDR should not be duplicated.
* `maxEntries` - (Required) Maximum number of entries that this prefix list can contain.
* `name` - (Required) Name of this resource. The name must not start with `comAmazonaws`.
* `tags` - (Optional) Map of tags to assign to this resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### `entry`

* `cidr` - (Required) CIDR block of this entry.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of this entry. Due to API limitations, updating only the description of an existing entry requires temporarily removing and re-adding the entry.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - ARN of the prefix list.
* `id` - ID of the prefix list.
* `ownerId` - ID of the AWS account that owns this prefix list.
* `tagsAll` - Map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).
* `version` - Latest version of this prefix list.

## Import

Prefix Lists can be imported using the `id`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_ec2_managed_prefix_list.default pl-0570a1d2d725c16be
```
