---
subcategory: "VPC (Virtual Private Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ec2_managed_prefix_list_entry"
description: |-
  Provides a managed prefix list entry resource.
---

# Resource: aws\_ec2\_managed\_prefix\_list\_entry

Provides a managed prefix list entry resource.

\~> **NOTE on Managed Prefix Lists and Managed Prefix List Entries:** Terraform
currently provides both a standalone Managed Prefix List Entry resource (a single entry),
and a [Managed Prefix List resource](ec2_managed_prefix_list.html) with entries defined
in-line. At this time you cannot use a Managed Prefix List with in-line rules in
conjunction with any Managed Prefix List Entry resources. Doing so will cause a conflict
of entries and will overwrite entries.

\~> **NOTE on Managed Prefix Lists with many entries:**  To improved execution times on larger
updates, if you plan to create a prefix list with more than 100 entries, it is **recommended**
that you use the inline `entry` block as part of the [Managed Prefix List resource](ec2_managed_prefix_list.html)
resource instead.

## Example Usage

Basic usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const awsEc2ManagedPrefixListExample =
  new aws.ec2ManagedPrefixList.Ec2ManagedPrefixList(this, "example", {
    addressFamily: "IPv4",
    maxEntries: 5,
    name: "All VPC CIDR-s",
    tags: {
      Env: "live",
    },
  });
new aws.ec2ManagedPrefixListEntry.Ec2ManagedPrefixListEntryA(this, "entry_1", {
  cidr: "${aws_vpc.example.cidr_block}",
  description: "Primary",
  prefixListId: awsEc2ManagedPrefixListExample.id,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `cidr` - (Required) CIDR block of this entry.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of this entry. Due to API limitations, updating only the description of an entry requires recreating the entry.
* `prefixListId` - (Required) CIDR block of this entry.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - ID of the managed prefix list entry.

## Import

Prefix List Entries can be imported using the `prefixListId` and `cidr` separated by a `,`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_ec2_managed_prefix_list_entry.default pl-0570a1d2d725c16be,10.0.3.0/24
```
