---
subcategory: "EFS (Elastic File System)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_efs_access_point"
description: |-
  Provides an Elastic File System (EFS) access point.
---

# Resource: aws\_efs\_access\_point

Provides an Elastic File System (EFS) access point.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.efsAccessPoint.EfsAccessPoint(this, "test", {
  fileSystemId: "${aws_efs_file_system.foo.id}",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `fileSystemId` - (Required) ID of the file system for which the access point is intended.
* `posixUser` - (Optional) Operating system user and group applied to all file system requests made using the access point. [Detailed](#posix_user) below.
* `rootDirectory`- (Optional) Directory on the Amazon EFS file system that the access point provides access to. [Detailed](#root_directory) below.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value mapping of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### posix\_user

* `gid` - (Required) POSIX group ID used for all file system operations using this access point.
* `secondaryGids` - (Optional) Secondary POSIX group IDs used for all file system operations using this access point.
* `uid` - (Required) POSIX user ID used for all file system operations using this access point.

### root\_directory

The access point exposes the specified file system path as the root directory of your file system to applications using the access point. NFS clients using the access point can only access data in the access point's RootDirectory and it's subdirectories.

* `creationInfo` - (Optional) POSIX IDs and permissions to apply to the access point's Root Directory. See [Creation Info](#creation_info) below.
* `path` - (Optional) Path on the EFS file system to expose as the root directory to NFS clients using the access point to access the EFS file system. A path can have up to four subdirectories. If the specified path does not exist, you are required to provide `creationInfo`.

### creation\_info

If the `path` specified does not exist, EFS creates the root directory using the `creationInfo` settings when a client connects to an access point.

* `ownerGid` - (Required) POSIX group ID to apply to the `rootDirectory`.
* `ownerUid` - (Required) POSIX user ID to apply to the `rootDirectory`.
* `permissions` - (Required) POSIX permissions to apply to the RootDirectory, in the format of an octal number representing the file's mode bits.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - ARN of the access point.
* `fileSystemArn` - ARN of the file system.
* `id` - ID of the access point.
* `tagsAll` - Map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

The EFS access points can be imported using the `id`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_efs_access_point.test fsap-52a643fb
```
