---
subcategory: "EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_eip_association"
description: |-
  Provides an AWS EIP Association
---

# Resource: aws\_eip\_association

Provides an AWS EIP Association as a top level resource, to associate and
disassociate Elastic IPs from AWS Instances and Network Interfaces.

\~> **NOTE:** Do not use this resource to associate an EIP to `awsLb` or `awsNatGateway` resources. Instead use the `allocationId` available in those resources to allow AWS to manage the association, otherwise you will see `authFailure` errors.

\~> **NOTE:** `awsEipAssociation` is useful in scenarios where EIPs are either
pre-existing or distributed to customers or users and therefore cannot be changed.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const awsEipExample = new aws.eip.Eip(this, "example", {
  vpc: true,
});
const awsInstanceWeb = new aws.instance.Instance(this, "web", {
  ami: "ami-21f78e11",
  availabilityZone: "us-west-2a",
  instanceType: "t2.micro",
  tags: {
    Name: "HelloWorld",
  },
});
new aws.eipAssociation.EipAssociation(this, "eip_assoc", {
  allocationId: awsEipExample.id,
  instanceId: awsInstanceWeb.id,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `allocationId` - (Optional) The allocation ID. This is required for EC2-VPC.
* `allowReassociation` - (Optional, Boolean) Whether to allow an Elastic IP to
  be re-associated. Defaults to `true` in VPC.
* `instanceId` - (Optional) The ID of the instance. This is required for
  EC2-Classic. For EC2-VPC, you can specify either the instance ID or the
  network interface ID, but not both. The operation fails if you specify an
  instance ID unless exactly one network interface is attached.
* `networkInterfaceId` - (Optional) The ID of the network interface. If the
  instance has more than one network interface, you must specify a network
  interface ID.
* `privateIpAddress` - (Optional) The primary or secondary private IP address
  to associate with the Elastic IP address. If no private IP address is
  specified, the Elastic IP address is associated with the primary private IP
  address.
* `publicIp` - (Optional) The Elastic IP address. This is required for EC2-Classic.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `associationId` - The ID that represents the association of the Elastic IP
  address with an instance.
* `allocationId` - As above
* `instanceId` - As above
* `networkInterfaceId` - As above
* `privateIpAddress` - As above
* `publicIp` - As above

## Import

EIP Assocations can be imported using their association ID.

```console
$ terraform import aws_eip_association.test eipassoc-ab12c345
```
