---
subcategory: "EKS (Elastic Kubernetes)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_eks_identity_provider_config"
description: |-
  Manages an EKS Identity Provider Configuration.
---

# Resource: aws\_eks\_identity\_provider\_config

Manages an EKS Identity Provider Configuration.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.eksIdentityProviderConfig.EksIdentityProviderConfig(this, "example", {
  clusterName: "${aws_eks_cluster.example.name}",
  oidc: {
    clientId: "your client_id",
    identityProviderConfigName: "example",
    issuerUrl: "your issuer_url",
  },
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `clusterName` – (Required) Name of the EKS Cluster.
* `oidc` - (Required) Nested attribute containing [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/connect/) identity provider information for the cluster. Detailed below.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### oidc Configuration Block

* `clientId` – (Required) Client ID for the OpenID Connect identity provider.
* `groupsClaim` - (Optional) The JWT claim that the provider will use to return groups.
* `groupsPrefix` - (Optional) A prefix that is prepended to group claims e.g., `oidc:`.
* `identityProviderConfigName` – (Required) The name of the identity provider config.
* `issuerUrl` - (Required) Issuer URL for the OpenID Connect identity provider.
* `requiredClaims` - (Optional) The key value pairs that describe required claims in the identity token.
* `usernameClaim` - (Optional) The JWT claim that the provider will use as the username.
* `usernamePrefix` - (Optional) A prefix that is prepended to username claims.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the EKS Identity Provider Configuration.
* `id` - EKS Cluster name and EKS Identity Provider Configuration name separated by a colon (`:`).
* `status` - Status of the EKS Identity Provider Configuration.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `40M`)
* `delete` - (Default `40M`)

## Import

EKS Identity Provider Configurations can be imported using the `clusterName` and `identityProviderConfigName` separated by a colon (`:`), e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_eks_identity_provider_config.my_identity_provider_config my_cluster:my_identity_provider_config
```
