---
subcategory: "ElastiCache"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_elasticache_parameter_group"
description: |-
  Provides an ElastiCache parameter group resource.
---

# Resource: aws\_elasticache\_parameter\_group

Provides an ElastiCache parameter group resource.

\~> **NOTE:** Attempting to remove the `reservedMemory` parameter when `family` is set to `redis26` or `redis28` may show a perpetual difference in Terraform due to an ElastiCache API limitation. Leave that parameter configured with any value to workaround the issue.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.elasticacheParameterGroup.ElasticacheParameterGroup(this, "default", {
  family: "redis2.8",
  name: "cache-params",
  parameter: [
    {
      name: "activerehashing",
      value: "yes",
    },
    {
      name: "min-slaves-to-write",
      value: "2",
    },
  ],
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the ElastiCache parameter group.
* `family` - (Required) The family of the ElastiCache parameter group.
* `description` - (Optional) The description of the ElastiCache parameter group. Defaults to "Managed by Terraform".
* `parameter` - (Optional) A list of ElastiCache parameters to apply.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value mapping of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

Parameter blocks support the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the ElastiCache parameter.
* `value` - (Required) The value of the ElastiCache parameter.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ElastiCache parameter group name.
* `arn` - The AWS ARN associated with the parameter group.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

ElastiCache Parameter Groups can be imported using the `name`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_elasticache_parameter_group.default redis-params
```
