---
subcategory: "Global Accelerator"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_globalaccelerator_accelerator"
description: |-
  Provides a Global Accelerator accelerator.
---

# Resource: aws\_globalaccelerator\_accelerator

Creates a Global Accelerator accelerator.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.globalacceleratorAccelerator.GlobalacceleratorAccelerator(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    attributes: {
      flowLogsEnabled: true,
      flowLogsS3Bucket: "example-bucket",
      flowLogsS3Prefix: "flow-logs/",
    },
    enabled: true,
    ipAddressType: "IPV4",
    ipAddresses: ["1.2.3.4"],
    name: "Example",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the accelerator.
* `ipAddressType` - (Optional) The value for the address type. Defaults to `ipv4`. Valid values: `ipv4`, `dualStack`.
* `ipAddresses` - (Optional) The IP addresses to use for BYOIP accelerators. If not specified, the service assigns IP addresses. Valid values: 1 or 2 IPv4 addresses.
* `enabled` - (Optional) Indicates whether the accelerator is enabled. Defaults to `true`. Valid values: `true`, `false`.
* `attributes` - (Optional) The attributes of the accelerator. Fields documented below.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

**attributes** supports the following attributes:

* `flowLogsEnabled` - (Optional) Indicates whether flow logs are enabled. Defaults to `false`. Valid values: `true`, `false`.
* `flowLogsS3Bucket` - (Optional) The name of the Amazon S3 bucket for the flow logs. Required if `flowLogsEnabled` is `true`.
* `flowLogsS3Prefix` - (Optional) The prefix for the location in the Amazon S3 bucket for the flow logs. Required if `flowLogsEnabled` is `true`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the accelerator.
* `dnsName` - The DNS name of the accelerator. For example, `a5D53Ff5Ee6Bca4CeAwsglobalacceleratorCom`.
* `hostedZoneId` --  The Global Accelerator Route 53 zone ID that can be used to
  route an [Alias Resource Record Set][1] to the Global Accelerator. This attribute
  is simply an alias for the zone ID `z2Bj6Xq5Fk7U4H`.
* `ipSets` - IP address set associated with the accelerator.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

**ip\_sets** exports the following attributes:

* `ipAddresses` - A list of IP addresses in the IP address set.
* `ipFamily` - The type of IP addresses included in this IP set.

[1]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/APIReference/API_AliasTarget.html

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `30M`)
* `update` - (Default `30M`)

## Import

Global Accelerator accelerators can be imported using the `arn`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_globalaccelerator_accelerator.example arn:aws:globalaccelerator::111111111111:accelerator/xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx
```
