---
subcategory: "Glue"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_glue_schema"
description: |-
  Provides a Glue Schema resource.
---

# Resource: aws\_glue\_schema

Provides a Glue Schema resource.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.glueSchema.GlueSchema(this, "example", {
  compatibility: "NONE",
  dataFormat: "AVRO",
  registryArn: "${aws_glue_registry.test.arn}",
  schemaDefinition:
    '{"type": "record", "name": "r1", "fields": [ {"name": "f1", "type": "int"}, {"name": "f2", "type": "string"} ]}',
  schemaName: "example",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `schemaName` – (Required) The Name of the schema.
* `registryArn` - (Required) The ARN of the Glue Registry to create the schema in.
* `dataFormat` - (Required) The data format of the schema definition. Valid values are `avro`, `json` and `protobuf`.
* `compatibility` - (Required) The compatibility mode of the schema. Values values are: `none`, `disabled`, `backward`, `backwardAll`, `forward`, `forwardAll`, `full`, and `fullAll`.
* `schemaDefinition` - (Required) The schema definition using the `dataFormat` setting for `schemaName`.
* `description` – (Optional) A description of the schema.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the schema.
* `id` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the schema.
* `registryName` - The name of the Glue Registry.
* `latestSchemaVersion` - The latest version of the schema associated with the returned schema definition.
* `nextSchemaVersion` - The next version of the schema associated with the returned schema definition.
* `schemaCheckpoint` - The version number of the checkpoint (the last time the compatibility mode was changed).
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

Glue Registries can be imported using `arn`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_glue_schema.example arn:aws:glue:us-west-2:123456789012:schema/example/example
```
