---
subcategory: "GuardDuty"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_guardduty_organization_configuration"
description: |-
  Manages the GuardDuty Organization Configuration
---

# Resource: aws\_guardduty\_organization\_configuration

Manages the GuardDuty Organization Configuration in the current AWS Region. The AWS account utilizing this resource must have been assigned as a delegated Organization administrator account, e.g., via the [`awsGuarddutyOrganizationAdminAccount` resource](/docs/providers/aws/r/guardduty_organization_admin_account.html). More information about Organizations support in GuardDuty can be found in the [GuardDuty User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/guardduty/latest/ug/guardduty_organizations.html).

\~> **NOTE:** This is an advanced Terraform resource. Terraform will automatically assume management of the GuardDuty Organization Configuration without import and perform no actions on removal from the Terraform configuration.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const awsGuarddutyDetectorExample = new aws.guarddutyDetector.GuarddutyDetector(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    enable: true,
  }
);
const awsGuarddutyOrganizationConfigurationExample =
  new aws.guarddutyOrganizationConfiguration.GuarddutyOrganizationConfiguration(
    this,
    "example_1",
    {
      autoEnable: true,
      datasources: {
        kubernetes: {
          auditLogs: {
            enable: true,
          },
        },
        malwareProtection: {
          scanEc2InstanceWithFindings: {
            ebsVolumes: {
              autoEnable: true,
            },
          },
        },
        s3Logs: {
          autoEnable: true,
        },
      },
      detectorId: awsGuarddutyDetectorExample.id,
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
awsGuarddutyOrganizationConfigurationExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `autoEnable` - (Required) When this setting is enabled, all new accounts that are created in, or added to, the organization are added as a member accounts of the organization’s GuardDuty delegated administrator and GuardDuty is enabled in that AWS Region.
* `detectorId` - (Required) The detector ID of the GuardDuty account.
* `datasources` - (Optional) Configuration for the collected datasources.

`datasources` supports the following:

* `s3Logs` - (Optional) Enable S3 Protection automatically for new member accounts.
* `kubernetes` - (Optional) Enable Kubernetes Audit Logs Monitoring automatically for new member accounts.
* `malwareProtection` - (Optional) Enable Malware Protection automatically for new member accounts.

### S3 Logs

`s3Logs` block supports the following:

* `autoEnable` - (Optional) Set to `true` if you want S3 data event logs to be automatically enabled for new members of the organization. Default: `false`

### Kubernetes

`kubernetes` block supports the following:

* `auditLogs` - (Required) Enable Kubernetes Audit Logs Monitoring automatically for new member accounts. [Kubernetes protection](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/guardduty/latest/ug/kubernetes-protection.html).
  See [Kubernetes Audit Logs](#kubernetes-audit-logs) below for more details.

#### Kubernetes Audit Logs

The `auditLogs` block supports the following:

* `enable` - (Required) If true, enables Kubernetes audit logs as a data source for [Kubernetes protection](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/guardduty/latest/ug/kubernetes-protection.html).
  Defaults to `true`.

### Malware Protection

`malwareProtection` block supports the following:

* `scanEc2InstanceWithFindings` - (Required) Configure whether [Malware Protection](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/guardduty/latest/ug/malware-protection.html) for EC2 instances with findings should be auto-enabled for new members joining the organization.
  See [Scan EC2 instance with findings](#scan-ec2-instance-with-findings) below for more details.

#### Scan EC2 instance with findings

The `scanEc2InstanceWithFindings` block supports the following:

* `ebsVolumes` - (Required) Configure whether scanning EBS volumes should be auto-enabled for new members joining the organization
  See [EBS volumes](#ebs-volumes) below for more details.

#### EBS volumes

The `ebsVolumes` block supports the following:

* `autoEnable` - (Required) If true, enables [Malware Protection](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/guardduty/latest/ug/malware-protection.html) for all new accounts joining the organization.
  Defaults to `true`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Identifier of the GuardDuty Detector.

## Import

GuardDuty Organization Configurations can be imported using the GuardDuty Detector ID, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_guardduty_organization_configuration.example 00b00fd5aecc0ab60a708659477e9617
```
