---
subcategory: "EC2 Image Builder"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_imagebuilder_image_recipe"
description: |-
    Manage an Image Builder Image Recipe
---

# Resource: aws\_imagebuilder\_image\_recipe

Manages an Image Builder Image Recipe.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.imagebuilderImageRecipe.ImagebuilderImageRecipe(this, "example", {
  blockDeviceMapping: [
    {
      deviceName: "/dev/xvdb",
      ebs: {
        deleteOnTermination: true,
        volumeSize: 100,
        volumeType: "gp2",
      },
    },
  ],
  component: [
    {
      componentArn: "${aws_imagebuilder_component.example.arn}",
      parameter: [
        {
          name: "Parameter1",
          value: "Value1",
        },
        {
          name: "Parameter2",
          value: "Value2",
        },
      ],
    },
  ],
  name: "example",
  parentImage:
    "arn:${data.aws_partition.current.partition}:imagebuilder:${data.aws_region.current.name}:aws:image/amazon-linux-2-x86/x.x.x",
  version: "1.0.0",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `component` - Ordered configuration block(s) with components for the image recipe. Detailed below.
* `name` - Name of the image recipe.
* `parentImage` - The image recipe uses this image as a base from which to build your customized image. The value can be the base image ARN or an AMI ID.
* `version` - The semantic version of the image recipe, which specifies the version in the following format, with numeric values in each position to indicate a specific version: major.minor.patch. For example: 1.0.0.

The following attributes are optional:

* `blockDeviceMapping` - Configuration block(s) with block device mappings for the image recipe. Detailed below.
* `description` - Description of the image recipe.
* `systemsManagerAgent` - Configuration block for the Systems Manager Agent installed by default by Image Builder. Detailed below.
* `tags` - Key-value map of resource tags for the image recipe. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `userDataBase64` Base64 encoded user data. Use this to provide commands or a command script to run when you launch your build instance.
* `workingDirectory` - The working directory to be used during build and test workflows.

### block\_device\_mapping

The following arguments are optional:

* `deviceName` - Name of the device. For example, `/dev/sda` or `/dev/xvdb`.
* `ebs` - Configuration block with Elastic Block Storage (EBS) block device mapping settings. Detailed below.
* `noDevice` - Set to `true` to remove a mapping from the parent image.
* `virtualName` - Virtual device name. For example, `ephemeral0`. Instance store volumes are numbered starting from 0.

#### ebs

The following arguments are optional:

* `deleteOnTermination` - Whether to delete the volume on termination. Defaults to unset, which is the value inherited from the parent image.
* `encrypted` - Whether to encrypt the volume. Defaults to unset, which is the value inherited from the parent image.
* `iops` - Number of Input/Output (I/O) operations per second to provision for an `io1` or `io2` volume.
* `kmsKeyId` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Key Management Service (KMS) Key for encryption.
* `snapshotId` - Identifier of the EC2 Volume Snapshot.
* `throughput` - For GP3 volumes only. The throughput in MiB/s that the volume supports.
* `volumeSize` - Size of the volume, in GiB.
* `volumeType` - Type of the volume. For example, `gp2` or `io2`.

### component

The `component` block supports the following arguments:

* `componentArn` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Image Builder Component to associate.
* `parameter` - (Optional) Configuration block(s) for parameters to configure the component. Detailed below.

### parameter

The following arguments are required:

* `name` - The name of the component parameter.
* `value` - The value for the named component parameter.

### systems\_manager\_agent

The following arguments are required:

* `uninstallAfterBuild` - Whether to remove the Systems Manager Agent after the image has been built. Defaults to `false`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the image recipe.
* `dateCreated` - Date the image recipe was created.
* `owner` - Owner of the image recipe.
* `platform` - Platform of the image recipe.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

`awsImagebuilderImageRecipe` resources can be imported by using the Amazon Resource Name (ARN), e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_imagebuilder_image_recipe.example arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-east-1:123456789012:image-recipe/example/1.0.0
```
