---
subcategory: "Location"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_location_place_index"
description: |-
    Provides a Location Service Place Index.
---

# Resource: aws\_location\_place\_index

Provides a Location Service Place Index.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.locationPlaceIndex.LocationPlaceIndex(this, "example", {
  dataSource: "Here",
  indexName: "example",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `dataSource` - (Required) Specifies the geospatial data provider for the new place index.
* `indexName` - (Required) The name of the place index resource.

The following arguments are optional:

* `dataSourceConfiguration` - (Optional) Configuration block with the data storage option chosen for requesting Places. Detailed below.
* `description` - (Optional) The optional description for the place index resource.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value tags for the place index. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### data\_source\_configuration

The following arguments are optional:

* `intendedUse` - (Optional) Specifies how the results of an operation will be stored by the caller. Valid values: `singleUse`, `storage`. Default: `singleUse`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `createTime` - The timestamp for when the place index resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
* `indexArn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the place index resource. Used to specify a resource across AWS.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).
* `updateTime` - The timestamp for when the place index resource was last update in ISO 8601.

## Import

`awsLocationPlaceIndex` resources can be imported using the place index name, e.g.:

```console
$ terraform import aws_location_place_index.example example
```
