---
subcategory: "Location"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_location_route_calculator"
description: |-
    Provides a Location Service Route Calculator.
---

# Resource: aws\_location\_route\_calculator

Provides a Location Service Route Calculator.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.locationRouteCalculator.LocationRouteCalculator(this, "example", {
  calculatorName: "example",
  dataSource: "Here",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `calculatorName` - (Required) The name of the route calculator resource.
* `dataSource` - (Required) Specifies the data provider of traffic and road network data.

The following arguments are optional:

* `description` - (Optional) The optional description for the route calculator resource.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value tags for the route calculator. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `calculatorArn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the Route calculator resource. Use the ARN when you specify a resource across AWS.
* `createTime` - The timestamp for when the route calculator resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
* `updateTime` - The timestamp for when the route calculator resource was last update in ISO 8601.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `30M`)
* `update` - (Default `30M`)
* `delete` - (Default `30M`)

## Import

`awsLocationRouteCalculator` can be imported using the route calculator name, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_location_route_calculator.example example
```
