---
subcategory: "Location"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_location_geofence_collection"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an AWS Location Geofence Collection.
---

# Resource: aws\_location\_geofence\_collection

Terraform resource for managing an AWS Location Geofence Collection.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.locationGeofenceCollection.LocationGeofenceCollection(this, "example", {
  collectionName: "example",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `collectionName` - (Required) The name of the geofence collection.

The following arguments are optional:

* `description` - (Optional) The optional description for the geofence collection.
* `kmsKeyId` - (Optional) A key identifier for an AWS KMS customer managed key assigned to the Amazon Location resource.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value tags for the geofence collection. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `collectionArn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the geofence collection resource. Used when you need to specify a resource across all AWS.
* `createTime` - The timestamp for when the geofence collection resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
* `updateTime` - The timestamp for when the geofence collection resource was last updated in ISO 8601 format.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `30M`)
* `update` - (Default `30M`)
* `delete` - (Default `30M`)

## Import

Location Geofence Collection can be imported using the `collectionName`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_location_geofence_collection.example example
```
