---
subcategory: "Macie Classic"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_macie_s3_bucket_association"
description: |-
  Associates an S3 resource with Amazon Macie for monitoring and data classification.
---

# Resource: aws\_macie\_s3\_bucket\_association

\~> **NOTE:** This resource interacts with [Amazon Macie Classic](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/macie/latest/userguide/what-is-macie.html). Macie Classic cannot be activated in new accounts. See the [FAQ](https://aws.amazon.com/macie/classic-faqs/) for more details.

Associates an S3 resource with Amazon Macie for monitoring and data classification.

\~> **NOTE:** Before using Amazon Macie for the first time it must be enabled manually. Instructions are [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/macie/latest/userguide/macie-setting-up.html#macie-setting-up-enable).

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.macieS3BucketAssociation.MacieS3BucketAssociation(this, "example", {
  bucketName: "tf-macie-example",
  classificationType: {
    oneTime: "FULL",
  },
  prefix: "data",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `bucketName` - (Required) The name of the S3 bucket that you want to associate with Amazon Macie.
* `classificationType` - (Optional) The configuration of how Amazon Macie classifies the S3 objects.
* `memberAccountId` - (Optional) The ID of the Amazon Macie member account whose S3 resources you want to associate with Macie. If `memberAccountId` isn't specified, the action associates specified S3 resources with Macie for the current master account.
* `prefix` - (Optional) Object key prefix identifying one or more S3 objects to which the association applies.

The `classificationType` object supports the following:

* `continuous` - (Optional) A string value indicating that Macie perform a one-time classification of all of the existing objects in the bucket.
  The only valid value is the default value, `full`.
* `oneTime` - (Optional) A string value indicating whether or not Macie performs a one-time classification of all of the existing objects in the bucket.
  Valid values are `none` and `full`. Defaults to `none` indicating that Macie only classifies objects that are added after the association was created.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the association.
