---
subcategory: "Organizations"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_organizations_delegated_administrator"
description: |-
  Provides a resource to manage an AWS Organizations Delegated Administrator.
---

# Resource: aws\_organizations\_delegated\_administrator

Provides a resource to manage an [AWS Organizations Delegated Administrator](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/APIReference/API_RegisterDelegatedAdministrator.html).

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.organizationsDelegatedAdministrator.OrganizationsDelegatedAdministrator(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    accountId: "123456789012",
    servicePrincipal: "principal",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `accountId` - (Required) The account ID number of the member account in the organization to register as a delegated administrator.
* `servicePrincipal` - (Required) The service principal of the AWS service for which you want to make the member account a delegated administrator.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The unique identifier (ID) of the delegated administrator.
* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the delegated administrator's account.
* `delegationEnabledDate` - The date when the account was made a delegated administrator.
* `email` - The email address that is associated with the delegated administrator's AWS account.
* `joinedMethod` - The method by which the delegated administrator's account joined the organization.
* `joinedTimestamp` - The date when the delegated administrator's account became a part of the organization.
* `name` - The friendly name of the delegated administrator's account.
* `status` - The status of the delegated administrator's account in the organization.

## Import

`awsOrganizationsDelegatedAdministrator` can be imported by using the account ID and its service principal, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_organizations_delegated_administrator.example 123456789012/config.amazonaws.com
```
