---
subcategory: "QLDB (Quantum Ledger Database)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_qldb_ledger"
description: |-
  Provides an QLDB Resource resource.
---

# Resource: aws\_qldb\_ledger

Provides an AWS Quantum Ledger Database (QLDB) resource

\~> **NOTE:** Deletion protection is enabled by default. To successfully delete this resource via Terraform, `deletionProtection =False` must be applied before attempting deletion.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.qldbLedger.QldbLedger(this, "sample-ledger", {
  name: "sample-ledger",
  permissionsMode: "STANDARD",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `deletionProtection` - (Optional) The deletion protection for the QLDB Ledger instance. By default it is `true`. To delete this resource via Terraform, this value must be configured to `false` and applied first before attempting deletion.
* `kmsKey` - (Optional) The key in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to use for encryption of data at rest in the ledger. For more information, see the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/qldb/latest/developerguide/encryption-at-rest.html). Valid values are `"awsOwnedKmsKey"` to use an AWS KMS key that is owned and managed by AWS on your behalf, or the ARN of a valid symmetric customer managed KMS key.
* `name` - (Optional) The friendly name for the QLDB Ledger instance. By default generated by Terraform.
* `permissionsMode` - (Required) The permissions mode for the QLDB ledger instance. Specify either `allowAll` or `standard`.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The Name of the QLDB Ledger
* `arn` - The ARN of the QLDB Ledger
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

QLDB Ledgers can be imported using the `name`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_qldb_ledger.sample-ledger sample-ledger
```
