---
subcategory: "Redshift"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_redshift_usage_limit"
description: |-
  Provides a Redshift Usage Limit resource.
---

# Resource: aws\_redshift\_usage\_limit

Creates a new Amazon Redshift Usage Limit.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.redshiftUsageLimit.RedshiftUsageLimit(this, "example", {
  amount: 60,
  clusterIdentifier: "${aws_redshift_cluster.example.id}",
  featureType: "concurrency-scaling",
  limitType: "time",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `amount` - (Required) The limit amount. If time-based, this amount is in minutes. If data-based, this amount is in terabytes (TB). The value must be a positive number.
* `breachAction` - (Optional) The action that Amazon Redshift takes when the limit is reached. The default is `log`. Valid values are `log`, `emitMetric`, and `disable`.
* `clusterIdentifier` - (Required) The identifier of the cluster that you want to limit usage.
* `featureType` - (Required) The Amazon Redshift feature that you want to limit. Valid values are `spectrum`, `concurrencyScaling`, and `crossRegionDatasharing`.
* `limitType` - (Required) The type of limit. Depending on the feature type, this can be based on a time duration or data size. If FeatureType is `spectrum`, then LimitType must be `dataScanned`. If FeatureType is `concurrencyScaling`, then LimitType must be `time`. If FeatureType is `crossRegionDatasharing`, then LimitType must be `dataScanned`. Valid values are `dataScanned`, and `time`.
* `period` - (Optional) The time period that the amount applies to. A weekly period begins on Sunday. The default is `monthly`. Valid values are `daily`, `weekly`, and `monthly`.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Redshift Usage Limit.
* `id` - The Redshift Usage Limit ID.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

Redshift usage limits can be imported using the `id`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_redshift_usage_limit.example example-id
```
