---
subcategory: "Redshift"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_redshift_endpoint_authorization"
description: |-
  Provides a Redshift Endpoint Authorization resource.
---

# Resource: aws\_redshift\_endpoint\_authorization

Creates a new Amazon Redshift endpoint authorization.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.redshiftEndpointAuthorization.RedshiftEndpointAuthorization(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    account: "01234567910",
    clusterIdentifier: "${aws_redshift_cluster.example.cluster_identifier}",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `account` - (Required) The Amazon Web Services account ID to grant access to.
* `clusterIdentifier` - (Required) The cluster identifier of the cluster to grant access to.
* `forceDelete` - (Optional) Indicates whether to force the revoke action. If true, the Redshift-managed VPC endpoints associated with the endpoint authorization are also deleted. Default value is `false`.
* `vpcIds` - (Optional) The virtual private cloud (VPC) identifiers to grant access to. If none are specified all VPCs in shared account are allowed.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `allowedAllVpcs` - Indicates whether all VPCs in the grantee account are allowed access to the cluster.
* `id` - The identifier of the Redshift Endpoint Authorization, `account`, and `clusterIdentifier` separated by a colon (`:`).
* `endpointCount` - The number of Redshift-managed VPC endpoints created for the authorization.
* `grantee` - The Amazon Web Services account ID of the grantee of the cluster.
* `grantor` - The Amazon Web Services account ID of the cluster owner.

## Import

Redshift endpoint authorization can be imported using the `id`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_redshift_endpoint_authorization.example 01234567910:cluster-example-id
```
