---
subcategory: "Resource Groups"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_resourcegroups_group"
description: |-
  Provides a Resource Group.
---

# Resource: aws\_resourcegroups\_group

Provides a Resource Group.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.resourcegroupsGroup.ResourcegroupsGroup(this, "test", {
  name: "test-group",
  resourceQuery: {
    query:
      '{\n  "ResourceTypeFilters": [\n    "AWS::EC2::Instance"\n  ],\n  "TagFilters": [\n    {\n      "Key": "Stage",\n      "Values": ["Test"]\n    }\n  ]\n}\n',
  },
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The resource group's name. A resource group name can have a maximum of 127 characters, including letters, numbers, hyphens, dots, and underscores. The name cannot start with `aws` or `aws`.
* `configuration` - (Optional) A configuration associates the resource group with an AWS service and specifies how the service can interact with the resources in the group. See below for details.
* `description` - (Optional) A description of the resource group.
* `resourceQuery` - (Required) A `resourceQuery` block. Resource queries are documented below.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

The `resourceQuery` block supports the following arguments:

* `query` - (Required) The resource query as a JSON string.
* `type` - (Required) The type of the resource query. Defaults to `tagFilters10`.

The `configuration` block supports the following arguments:

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of group configuration item.
* `parameters` - (Optional) A collection of parameters for this group configuration item. See below for details.

The `parameters` block supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the group configuration parameter.
* `values` - (Optional) The value or values to be used for the specified parameter.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - The ARN assigned by AWS for this resource group.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

Resource groups can be imported using the `name`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_resourcegroups_group.foo resource-group-name
```
