---
subcategory: "S3 (Simple Storage)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block"
description: |-
  Manages S3 bucket-level Public Access Block Configuration
---

# Resource: aws\_s3\_bucket\_public\_access\_block

Manages S3 bucket-level Public Access Block configuration. For more information about these settings, see the [AWS S3 Block Public Access documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/access-control-block-public-access.html).

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const awsS3BucketExample = new aws.s3Bucket.S3Bucket(this, "example", {
  bucket: "example",
});
const awsS3BucketPublicAccessBlockExample =
  new aws.s3BucketPublicAccessBlock.S3BucketPublicAccessBlock(
    this,
    "example_1",
    {
      blockPublicAcls: true,
      blockPublicPolicy: true,
      bucket: awsS3BucketExample.id,
      ignorePublicAcls: true,
      restrictPublicBuckets: true,
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
awsS3BucketPublicAccessBlockExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `bucket` - (Required) S3 Bucket to which this Public Access Block configuration should be applied.
* `blockPublicAcls` - (Optional) Whether Amazon S3 should block public ACLs for this bucket. Defaults to `false`. Enabling this setting does not affect existing policies or ACLs. When set to `true` causes the following behavior:
  * PUT Bucket acl and PUT Object acl calls will fail if the specified ACL allows public access.
  * PUT Object calls will fail if the request includes an object ACL.
* `blockPublicPolicy` - (Optional) Whether Amazon S3 should block public bucket policies for this bucket. Defaults to `false`. Enabling this setting does not affect the existing bucket policy. When set to `true` causes Amazon S3 to:
  * Reject calls to PUT Bucket policy if the specified bucket policy allows public access.
* `ignorePublicAcls` - (Optional) Whether Amazon S3 should ignore public ACLs for this bucket. Defaults to `false`. Enabling this setting does not affect the persistence of any existing ACLs and doesn't prevent new public ACLs from being set. When set to `true` causes Amazon S3 to:
  * Ignore public ACLs on this bucket and any objects that it contains.
* `restrictPublicBuckets` - (Optional) Whether Amazon S3 should restrict public bucket policies for this bucket. Defaults to `false`. Enabling this setting does not affect the previously stored bucket policy, except that public and cross-account access within the public bucket policy, including non-public delegation to specific accounts, is blocked. When set to `true`:
  * Only the bucket owner and AWS Services can access this buckets if it has a public policy.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Name of the S3 bucket the configuration is attached to

## Import

`awsS3BucketPublicAccessBlock` can be imported by using the bucket name, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.example my-bucket
```
