---
subcategory: "SageMaker"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_sagemaker_app"
description: |-
  Provides a SageMaker App resource.
---

# Resource: aws\_sagemaker\_app

Provides a SageMaker App resource.

## Example Usage

### Basic usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.sagemakerApp.SagemakerApp(this, "example", {
  appName: "example",
  appType: "JupyterServer",
  domainId: "${aws_sagemaker_domain.example.id}",
  userProfileName: "${aws_sagemaker_user_profile.example.user_profile_name}",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `appName` - (Required) The name of the app.
* `appType` - (Required) The type of app. Valid values are `jupyterServer`, `kernelGateway`, `rStudioServerPro`, `rSessionGateway` and `tensorBoard`.
* `domainId` - (Required) The domain ID.
* `userProfileName` - (Optional) The user profile name. At least on of `userProfileName` or `spaceName` required.
* `resourceSpec` - (Optional) The instance type and the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SageMaker image created on the instance.See [Resource Spec](#resource-spec) below.
* `spaceName` - (Optional) The name of the space. At least on of `userProfileName` or `spaceName` required.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### Resource Spec

* `instanceType` - (Optional) The instance type that the image version runs on. For valid values see [SageMaker Instance Types](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/notebooks-available-instance-types.html).
* `lifecycleConfigArn` - (Optional) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Lifecycle Configuration attached to the Resource.
* `sagemakerImageArn` - (Optional) The ARN of the SageMaker image that the image version belongs to.
* `sagemakerImageVersionArn` - (Optional) The ARN of the image version created on the instance.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the app.
* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the app.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

SageMaker Apps can be imported using the `id`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_sagemaker_app.example arn:aws:sagemaker:us-west-2:012345678912:app/domain-id/user-profile-name/app-type/app-name
```
