---
subcategory: "SageMaker"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_sagemaker_device_fleet"
description: |-
  Provides a SageMaker Device Fleet resource.
---

# Resource: aws\_sagemaker\_device\_fleet

Provides a SageMaker Device Fleet resource.

## Example Usage

### Basic usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.sagemakerDeviceFleet.SagemakerDeviceFleet(this, "example", {
  deviceFleetName: "example",
  outputConfig: {
    s3OutputLocation: "s3://${aws_s3_bucket.example.bucket}/prefix/",
  },
  roleArn: "${aws_iam_role.test.arn}",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `deviceFleetName` - (Required) The name of the Device Fleet (must be unique).
* `roleArn` - (Required) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that has access to AWS Internet of Things (IoT).
* `outputConfig` - (Required) Specifies details about the repository. see [Output Config](#output-config) details below.
* `description` - (Optional) A description of the fleet.
* `enableIotRoleAlias` - (Optional) Whether to create an AWS IoT Role Alias during device fleet creation. The name of the role alias generated will match this pattern: "SageMakerEdge-{DeviceFleetName}".
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### Output Config

* `s3OutputLocation` - (Required) The Amazon Simple Storage (S3) bucker URI.
* `kmsKeyId` - (Optional) The AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key that Amazon SageMaker uses to encrypt data on the storage volume after compilation job. If you don't provide a KMS key ID, Amazon SageMaker uses the default KMS key for Amazon S3 for your role's account.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The name of the Device Fleet.
* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) assigned by AWS to this Device Fleet.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

SageMaker Device Fleets can be imported using the `name`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_sagemaker_device_fleet.example my-fleet
```
