---
subcategory: "SageMaker"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_sagemaker_app_image_config"
description: |-
  Provides a SageMaker App Image Config resource.
---

# Resource: aws\_sagemaker\_app\_image\_config

Provides a SageMaker App Image Config resource.

## Example Usage

### Basic usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.sagemakerAppImageConfig.SagemakerAppImageConfig(this, "test", {
  appImageConfigName: "example",
  kernelGatewayImageConfig: {
    kernelSpec: {
      name: "example",
    },
  },
});

```

### Default File System Config

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.sagemakerAppImageConfig.SagemakerAppImageConfig(this, "test", {
  appImageConfigName: "example",
  kernelGatewayImageConfig: {
    fileSystemConfig: {},
    kernelSpec: {
      name: "example",
    },
  },
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `appImageConfigName` - (Required) The name of the App Image Config.
* `kernelGatewayImageConfig` - (Optional) The configuration for the file system and kernels in a SageMaker image running as a KernelGateway app. See [Kernel Gateway Image Config](#kernel-gateway-image-config) details below.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### Kernel Gateway Image Config

* `fileSystemConfig` - (Optional) The URL where the Git repository is located. See [File System Config](#file-system-config) details below.
* `kernelSpec` - (Required) The default branch for the Git repository. See [Kernel Spec](#kernel-spec) details below.

#### File System Config

* `defaultGid` - (Optional) The default POSIX group ID (GID). If not specified, defaults to `100`. Valid values are `0` and `100`.
* `defaultUid` - (Optional) The default POSIX user ID (UID). If not specified, defaults to `1000`. Valid values are `0` and `1000`.
* `mountPath` - (Optional) The path within the image to mount the user's EFS home directory. The directory should be empty. If not specified, defaults to `/home/sagemakerUser`.

\~> **Note:** When specifying `defaultGid` and `defaultUid`, Valid value pairs are \[`0`, `0`] and \[`100`, `1000`].

#### Kernel Spec

* `name` - (Required) The name of the kernel.
* `displayName` - (Optional) The display name of the kernel.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The name of the App Image Config.
* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) assigned by AWS to this App Image Config.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

SageMaker App Image Configs can be imported using the `name`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_sagemaker_app_image_config.example example
```
