---
subcategory: "VPC (Virtual Private Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_security_group"
description: |-
  Provides a security group resource.
---

# Resource: aws\_security\_group

Provides a security group resource.

\~> **NOTE on Security Groups and Security Group Rules:** Terraform currently
provides both a standalone [Security Group Rule resource](security_group_rule.html) (a single `ingress` or
`egress` rule), and a Security Group resource with `ingress` and `egress` rules
defined in-line. At this time you cannot use a Security Group with in-line rules
in conjunction with any Security Group Rule resources. Doing so will cause
a conflict of rule settings and will overwrite rules.

\~> **NOTE:** Referencing Security Groups across VPC peering has certain restrictions. More information is available in the [VPC Peering User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/peering/vpc-peering-security-groups.html).

\~> **NOTE:** Due to [AWS Lambda improved VPC networking changes that began deploying in September 2019](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/announcing-improved-vpc-networking-for-aws-lambda-functions/), security groups associated with Lambda Functions can take up to 45 minutes to successfully delete. Terraform AWS Provider version 2.31.0 and later automatically handles this increased timeout, however prior versions require setting the [customizable deletion timeout](#timeouts) to 45 minutes (`delete = "45M"`). AWS and HashiCorp are working together to reduce the amount of time required for resource deletion and updates can be tracked in this [GitHub issue](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/issues/10329).

\~> **NOTE:** The `cidrBlocks` and `ipv6CidrBlocks` parameters are optional in the `ingress` and `egress` blocks. If nothing is specified, traffic will be blocked as described in *NOTE on Egress rules* later.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.securityGroup.SecurityGroup(this, "allow_tls", {
  description: "Allow TLS inbound traffic",
  egress: [
    {
      cidrBlocks: ["0.0.0.0/0"],
      fromPort: 0,
      ipv6CidrBlocks: ["::/0"],
      protocol: "-1",
      toPort: 0,
    },
  ],
  ingress: [
    {
      cidrBlocks: ["${aws_vpc.main.cidr_block}"],
      description: "TLS from VPC",
      fromPort: 443,
      ipv6CidrBlocks: ["${aws_vpc.main.ipv6_cidr_block}"],
      protocol: "tcp",
      toPort: 443,
    },
  ],
  name: "allow_tls",
  tags: {
    Name: "allow_tls",
  },
  vpcId: "${aws_vpc.main.id}",
});

```

\~> **NOTE on Egress rules:** By default, AWS creates an `allowAll` egress rule when creating a new Security Group inside of a VPC. When creating a new Security Group inside a VPC, **Terraform will remove this default rule**, and require you specifically re-create it if you desire that rule. We feel this leads to fewer surprises in terms of controlling your egress rules. If you desire this rule to be in place, you can use this `egress` block:

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.securityGroup.SecurityGroup(this, "example", {
  egress: [
    {
      cidrBlocks: ["0.0.0.0/0"],
      fromPort: 0,
      ipv6CidrBlocks: ["::/0"],
      protocol: "-1",
      toPort: 0,
    },
  ],
});

```

### Usage With Prefix List IDs

Prefix Lists are either managed by AWS internally, or created by the customer using a
[Prefix List resource](ec2_managed_prefix_list.html). Prefix Lists provided by
AWS are associated with a prefix list name, or service name, that is linked to a specific region.
Prefix list IDs are exported on VPC Endpoints, so you can use this format:

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const awsVpcEndpointMyEndpoint = new aws.vpcEndpoint.VpcEndpoint(
  this,
  "my_endpoint",
  {}
);
new aws.securityGroup.SecurityGroup(this, "example", {
  egress: [
    {
      fromPort: 0,
      prefixListIds: [awsVpcEndpointMyEndpoint.prefixListId],
      protocol: "-1",
      toPort: 0,
    },
  ],
});

```

You can also find a specific Prefix List using the `awsPrefixList` data source.

### Change of name or name-prefix value

Security Group's Name [cannot be edited after the resource is created](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/working-with-security-groups.html#creating-security-group). In fact, the `name` and `namePrefix` arguments force the creation of a new Security Group resource when they change value. In that case, Terraform first deletes the existing Security Group resource and then it creates a new one. If the existing Security Group is associated to a Network Interface resource, the deletion cannot complete. The reason is that Network Interface resources cannot be left with no Security Group attached and the new one is not yet available at that point.

You must invert the default behavior of Terraform. That is, first the new Security Group resource must be created, then associated to possible Network Interface resources and finally the old Security Group can be detached and deleted. To force this behavior, you must set the [create\_before\_destroy](https://www.terraform.io/language/meta-arguments/lifecycle#create_before_destroy) property:

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const awsSecurityGroupSgWithChangeableName =
  new aws.securityGroup.SecurityGroup(this, "sg_with_changeable_name", {
    name: "changeable-name",
  });
awsSecurityGroupSgWithChangeableName.addOverride("lifecycle", [
  {
    create_before_destroy: true,
  },
]);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `description` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Security group description. Defaults to `managedByTerraform`. Cannot be `""`. **NOTE**: This field maps to the AWS `groupDescription` attribute, for which there is no Update API. If you'd like to classify your security groups in a way that can be updated, use `tags`.
* `egress` - (Optional, VPC only) Configuration block for egress rules. Can be specified multiple times for each egress rule. Each egress block supports fields documented below. This argument is processed in [attribute-as-blocks mode](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/attr-as-blocks.html).
* `ingress` - (Optional) Configuration block for ingress rules. Can be specified multiple times for each ingress rule. Each ingress block supports fields documented below. This argument is processed in [attribute-as-blocks mode](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/attr-as-blocks.html).
* `namePrefix` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Creates a unique name beginning with the specified prefix. Conflicts with `name`.
* `name` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Name of the security group. If omitted, Terraform will assign a random, unique name.
* `revokeRulesOnDelete` - (Optional) Instruct Terraform to revoke all of the Security Groups attached ingress and egress rules before deleting the rule itself. This is normally not needed, however certain AWS services such as Elastic Map Reduce may automatically add required rules to security groups used with the service, and those rules may contain a cyclic dependency that prevent the security groups from being destroyed without removing the dependency first. Default `false`.
* `tags` - (Optional) Map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `vpcId` - (Optional, Forces new resource) VPC ID.
  Defaults to the region's default VPC.

### ingress

This argument is processed in [attribute-as-blocks mode](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/attr-as-blocks.html).

The following arguments are required:

* `fromPort` - (Required) Start port (or ICMP type number if protocol is `icmp` or `icmpv6`).
* `toPort` - (Required) End range port (or ICMP code if protocol is `icmp`).
* `protocol` - (Required) Protocol. If you select a protocol of `1` (semantically equivalent to `all`, which is not a valid value here), you must specify a `fromPort` and `toPort` equal to 0.  The supported values are defined in the `ipProtocol` argument on the [IpPermission](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_IpPermission.html) API reference. This argument is normalized to a lowercase value to match the AWS API requirement when using with Terraform 0.12.x and above, please make sure that the value of the protocol is specified as lowercase when using with older version of Terraform to avoid an issue during upgrade.

The following arguments are optional:

* `cidrBlocks` - (Optional) List of CIDR blocks.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of this ingress rule.
* `ipv6CidrBlocks` - (Optional) List of IPv6 CIDR blocks.
* `prefixListIds` - (Optional) List of Prefix List IDs.
* `securityGroups` - (Optional) List of security groups. A group name can be used relative to the default VPC. Otherwise, group ID.
* `self` - (Optional) Whether the security group itself will be added as a source to this ingress rule.

### egress

This argument is processed in [attribute-as-blocks mode](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/attr-as-blocks.html).

The following arguments are required:

* `fromPort` - (Required) Start port (or ICMP type number if protocol is `icmp`)
* `toPort` - (Required) End range port (or ICMP code if protocol is `icmp`).

The following arguments are optional:

* `cidrBlocks` - (Optional) List of CIDR blocks.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of this egress rule.
* `ipv6CidrBlocks` - (Optional) List of IPv6 CIDR blocks.
* `prefixListIds` - (Optional) List of Prefix List IDs.
* `protocol` - (Required) Protocol. If you select a protocol of `1` (semantically equivalent to `all`, which is not a valid value here), you must specify a `fromPort` and `toPort` equal to 0.  The supported values are defined in the `ipProtocol` argument in the [IpPermission](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_IpPermission.html) API reference. This argument is normalized to a lowercase value to match the AWS API requirement when using Terraform 0.12.x and above. Please make sure that the value of the protocol is specified as lowercase when used with older version of Terraform to avoid issues during upgrade.
* `securityGroups` - (Optional) List of security groups. A group name can be used relative to the default VPC. Otherwise, group ID.
* `self` - (Optional) Whether the security group itself will be added as a source to this egress rule.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - ARN of the security group.
* `id` - ID of the security group.
* `ownerId` - Owner ID.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `10M`)
* `delete` - (Default `15M`)

## Import

Security Groups can be imported using the `securityGroupId`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_security_group.elb_sg sg-903004f8
```
