---
subcategory: "Service Catalog"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_servicecatalog_portfolio_share"
description: |-
  Manages a Service Catalog Portfolio Share
---

# Resource: aws\_servicecatalog\_portfolio\_share

Manages a Service Catalog Portfolio Share. Shares the specified portfolio with the specified account or organization node. You can share portfolios to an organization, an organizational unit, or a specific account.

If the portfolio share with the specified account or organization node already exists, using this resource to re-create the share will have no effect and will not return an error. You can then use this resource to update the share.

\~> **NOTE:** Shares to an organization node can only be created by the management account of an organization or by a delegated administrator. If a delegated admin is de-registered, they can no longer create portfolio shares.

\~> **NOTE:** AWSOrganizationsAccess must be enabled in order to create a portfolio share to an organization node.

\~> **NOTE:** You can't share a shared resource, including portfolios that contain a shared product.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.servicecatalogPortfolioShare.ServicecatalogPortfolioShare(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    portfolioId: "${aws_servicecatalog_portfolio.example.id}",
    principalId: "012128675309",
    type: "ACCOUNT",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `portfolioId` - (Required) Portfolio identifier.
* `principalId` - (Required) Identifier of the principal with whom you will share the portfolio. Valid values AWS account IDs and ARNs of AWS Organizations and organizational units.
* `type` - (Required) Type of portfolio share. Valid values are `account` (an external account), `organization` (a share to every account in an organization), `organizationalUnit`, `organizationMemberAccount` (a share to an account in an organization).

The following arguments are optional:

* `acceptLanguage` - (Optional) Language code. Valid values: `en` (English), `jp` (Japanese), `zh` (Chinese). Default value is `en`.
* `sharePrincipals` - (Optional) Enables or disables Principal sharing when creating the portfolio share. If this flag is not provided, principal sharing is disabled.
* `shareTagOptions` - (Optional) Whether to enable sharing of `awsServicecatalogTagOption` resources when creating the portfolio share.
* `waitForAcceptance` - (Optional) Whether to wait (up to the timeout) for the share to be accepted. Organizational shares are automatically accepted.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `accepted` - Whether the shared portfolio is imported by the recipient account. If the recipient is organizational, the share is automatically imported, and the field is always set to true.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `3M`)
* `read` - (Default `10M`)
* `update` - (Default `3M`)
* `delete` - (Default `3M`)

## Import

`awsServicecatalogPortfolioShare` can be imported using the portfolio share ID, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_servicecatalog_portfolio_share.example port-12344321:ACCOUNT:123456789012
```
