---
subcategory: "Service Catalog"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_servicecatalog_product"
description: |-
  Manages a Service Catalog Product
---

# Resource: aws\_servicecatalog\_product

Manages a Service Catalog Product.

\~> **NOTE:** The user or role that uses this resources must have the `cloudformation:getTemplate` IAM policy permission. This policy permission is required when using the `templatePhysicalId` argument.

\-> A "provisioning artifact" is also referred to as a "version." A "distributor" is also referred to as a "vendor."

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.servicecatalogProduct.ServicecatalogProduct(this, "example", {
  name: "example",
  owner: "example-owner",
  provisioningArtifactParameters: {
    templateUrl:
      "https://s3.amazonaws.com/cf-templates-ozkq9d3hgiq2-us-east-1/temp1.json",
  },
  tags: {
    foo: "bar",
  },
  type: "CLOUD_FORMATION_TEMPLATE",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the product.
* `owner` - (Required) Owner of the product.
* `provisioningArtifactParameters` - (Required) Configuration block for provisioning artifact (i.e., version) parameters. Detailed below.
* `type` - (Required) Type of product. Valid values are `cloudFormationTemplate`, `marketplace`.

The following arguments are optional:

* `acceptLanguage` - (Optional) Language code. Valid values: `en` (English), `jp` (Japanese), `zh` (Chinese). Default value is `en`.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of the product.
* `distributor` - (Optional) Distributor (i.e., vendor) of the product.
* `supportDescription` - (Optional) Support information about the product.
* `supportEmail` - (Optional) Contact email for product support.
* `supportUrl` - (Optional) Contact URL for product support.
* `tags` - (Optional) Tags to apply to the product. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### provisioning\_artifact\_parameters

The following arguments are supported:

* `description` - (Optional) Description of the provisioning artifact (i.e., version), including how it differs from the previous provisioning artifact.
* `disableTemplateValidation` - (Optional) Whether AWS Service Catalog stops validating the specified provisioning artifact template even if it is invalid.
* `name` - (Optional) Name of the provisioning artifact (for example, `v1`, `v2Beta`). No spaces are allowed.
* `templatePhysicalId` - (Required if `templateUrl` is not provided) Template source as the physical ID of the resource that contains the template. Currently only supports CloudFormation stack ARN. Specify the physical ID as `arn:[partition]:cloudformation:[region]:[accountId]:stack/[stackName]/[resourceId]`.
* `templateUrl` - (Required if `templatePhysicalId` is not provided) Template source as URL of the CloudFormation template in Amazon S3.
* `type` - (Optional) Type of provisioning artifact. Valid values: `cloudFormationTemplate`, `marketplaceAmi`, `marketplaceCar` (Marketplace Clusters and AWS Resources).

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - ARN of the product.
* `createdTime` - Time when the product was created.
* `hasDefaultPath` - Whether the product has a default path. If the product does not have a default path, call `listLaunchPaths` to disambiguate between paths.  Otherwise, `listLaunchPaths` is not required, and the output of ProductViewSummary can be used directly with `describeProvisioningParameters`.
* `id` - Product ID. For example, `prodDnigbtea24Ste`.
* `status` - Status of the product.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `5M`)
* `read` - (Default `10M`)
* `update` - (Default `5M`)
* `delete` - (Default `5M`)

## Import

`awsServicecatalogProduct` can be imported using the product ID, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_servicecatalog_product.example prod-dnigbtea24ste
```
