---
subcategory: "Service Catalog"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_servicecatalog_service_action"
description: |-
  Manages a Service Catalog Service Action
---

# Resource: aws\_servicecatalog\_service\_action

Manages a Service Catalog self-service action.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.servicecatalogServiceAction.ServicecatalogServiceAction(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    definition: {
      name: "AWS-RestartEC2Instance",
    },
    description: "Motor generator unit",
    name: "MGU",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `definition` - (Required) Self-service action definition configuration block. Detailed below.
* `name` - (Required) Self-service action name.

The following arguments are optional:

* `acceptLanguage` - (Optional) Language code. Valid values are `en` (English), `jp` (Japanese), and `zh` (Chinese). Default is `en`.
* `description` - (Optional) Self-service action description.

### `definition`

The `definition` configuration block supports the following attributes:

* `assumeRole` - (Optional) ARN of the role that performs the self-service actions on your behalf. For example, `arn:aws:iam::12345678910:role/actionRole`. To reuse the provisioned product launch role, set to `launchRole`.
* `name` - (Required) Name of the SSM document. For example, `awsRestartEc2Instance`. If you are using a shared SSM document, you must provide the ARN instead of the name.
* `parameters` - (Optional) List of parameters in JSON format. For example: `[{\"name\":\"instanceId\",\"type\":\"target\"}]` or `[{\"name\":\"instanceId\",\"type\":\"textValue\"}]`.
* `type` - (Optional) Service action definition type. Valid value is `ssmAutomation`. Default is `ssmAutomation`.
* `version` - (Required) SSM document version. For example, `1`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Identifier of the service action.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `3M`)
* `read` - (Default `10M`)
* `update` - (Default `3M`)
* `delete` - (Default `3M`)

## Import

`awsServicecatalogServiceAction` can be imported using the service action ID, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_servicecatalog_service_action.example act-f1w12eperfslh
```
