---
subcategory: "SES (Simple Email)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ses_configuration_set"
description: |-
  Provides an SES configuration set
---

# Resource: aws\_ses\_configuration\_set

Provides an SES configuration set resource.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.sesConfigurationSet.SesConfigurationSet(this, "test", {
  name: "some-configuration-set-test",
});

```

### Require TLS Connections

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.sesConfigurationSet.SesConfigurationSet(this, "test", {
  deliveryOptions: {
    tlsPolicy: "Require",
  },
  name: "some-configuration-set-test",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following argument is required:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the configuration set.

The following argument is optional:

* `deliveryOptions` - (Optional) Whether messages that use the configuration set are required to use TLS. See below.
* `reputationMetricsEnabled` - (Optional) Whether or not Amazon SES publishes reputation metrics for the configuration set, such as bounce and complaint rates, to Amazon CloudWatch. The default value is `false`.
* `sendingEnabled` - (Optional) Whether email sending is enabled or disabled for the configuration set. The default value is `true`.
* `trackingOptions` - (Optional) Domain that is used to redirect email recipients to an Amazon SES-operated domain. See below. **NOTE:** This functionality is best effort.

### delivery\_options

* `tlsPolicy` - (Optional) Whether messages that use the configuration set are required to use Transport Layer Security (TLS). If the value is `require`, messages are only delivered if a TLS connection can be established. If the value is `optional`, messages can be delivered in plain text if a TLS connection can't be established. Valid values: `require` or `optional`. Defaults to `optional`.

### tracking\_options

* `customRedirectDomain` - (Optional) Custom subdomain that is used to redirect email recipients to the Amazon SES event tracking domain.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - SES configuration set ARN.
* `id` - SES configuration set name.
* `lastFreshStart` - Date and time at which the reputation metrics for the configuration set were last reset. Resetting these metrics is known as a fresh start.

## Import

SES Configuration Sets can be imported using their `name`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_ses_configuration_set.test some-configuration-set-test
```
