---
subcategory: "SNS (Simple Notification)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_sns_platform_application"
description: |-
  Provides an SNS platform application resource.
---

# Resource: aws\_sns\_platform\_application

Provides an SNS platform application resource

## Example Usage

### Apple Push Notification Service (APNS) using certificate-based authentication

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.snsPlatformApplication.SnsPlatformApplication(
  this,
  "apns_application",
  {
    name: "apns_application",
    platform: "APNS",
    platformCredential: "<APNS PRIVATE KEY>",
    platformPrincipal: "<APNS CERTIFICATE>",
  }
);

```

### Apple Push Notification Service (APNS) using token-based authentication

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.snsPlatformApplication.SnsPlatformApplication(
  this,
  "apns_application",
  {
    applePlatformBundleId: "<APPLE BUNDLE ID>",
    applePlatformTeamId: "<APPLE TEAM ID>",
    name: "apns_application",
    platform: "APNS",
    platformCredential: "<APNS SIGNING KEY>",
    platformPrincipal: "<APNS SIGNING KEY ID>",
  }
);

```

### Google Cloud Messaging (GCM)

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.snsPlatformApplication.SnsPlatformApplication(this, "gcm_application", {
  name: "gcm_application",
  platform: "GCM",
  platformCredential: "<GCM API KEY>",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The friendly name for the SNS platform application
* `platform` - (Required) The platform that the app is registered with. See [Platform][1] for supported platforms.
* `platformCredential` - (Required) Application Platform credential. See [Credential][1] for type of credential required for platform. The value of this attribute when stored into the Terraform state is only a hash of the real value, so therefore it is not practical to use this as an attribute for other resources.
* `eventDeliveryFailureTopicArn` - (Optional) The ARN of the SNS Topic triggered when a delivery to any of the platform endpoints associated with your platform application encounters a permanent failure.
* `eventEndpointCreatedTopicArn` - (Optional) The ARN of the SNS Topic triggered when a new platform endpoint is added to your platform application.
* `eventEndpointDeletedTopicArn` - (Optional) The ARN of the SNS Topic triggered when an existing platform endpoint is deleted from your platform application.
* `eventEndpointUpdatedTopicArn` - (Optional) The ARN of the SNS Topic triggered when an existing platform endpoint is changed from your platform application.
* `failureFeedbackRoleArn` - (Optional) The IAM role ARN permitted to receive failure feedback for this application and give SNS write access to use CloudWatch logs on your behalf.
* `platformPrincipal` - (Optional) Application Platform principal. See [Principal][2] for type of principal required for platform. The value of this attribute when stored into the Terraform state is only a hash of the real value, so therefore it is not practical to use this as an attribute for other resources.
* `successFeedbackRoleArn` - (Optional) The IAM role ARN permitted to receive success feedback for this application and give SNS write access to use CloudWatch logs on your behalf.
* `successFeedbackSampleRate` - (Optional) The sample rate percentage (0-100) of successfully delivered messages.

The following attributes are needed only when using APNS token credentials:

* `applePlatformTeamId` - (Required) The identifier that's assigned to your Apple developer account team. Must be 10 alphanumeric characters.
* `applePlatformBundleId` - (Required) The bundle identifier that's assigned to your iOS app. May only include alphanumeric characters, hyphens (-), and periods (.).

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ARN of the SNS platform application
* `arn` - The ARN of the SNS platform application

[1]: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/mobile-push-send-register.html

[2]: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/api/API_CreatePlatformApplication.html

## Import

SNS platform applications can be imported using the ARN, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_sns_platform_application.gcm_application arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:0123456789012:app/GCM/gcm_application
```
