---
subcategory: "Storage Gateway"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_storagegateway_stored_iscsi_volume"
description: |-
  Manages an AWS Storage Gateway stored iSCSI volume
---

# Resource: aws\_storagegateway\_stored\_iscsi\_volume

Manages an AWS Storage Gateway stored iSCSI volume.

\~> **NOTE:** The gateway must have a working storage added (e.g., via the [`awsStoragegatewayWorkingStorage`](/docs/providers/aws/r/storagegateway_working_storage.html) resource) before the volume is operational to clients, however the Storage Gateway API will allow volume creation without error in that case and return volume status as `workingStorageNotConfigured`.

## Example Usage

### Create Empty Stored iSCSI Volume

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.storagegatewayStoredIscsiVolume.StoragegatewayStoredIscsiVolume(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    diskId: "${data.aws_storagegateway_local_disk.test.id}",
    gatewayArn: "${aws_storagegateway_cache.example.gateway_arn}",
    networkInterfaceId: "${aws_instance.example.private_ip}",
    preserveExistingData: false,
    targetName: "example",
  }
);

```

### Create Stored iSCSI Volume From Snapshot

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.storagegatewayStoredIscsiVolume.StoragegatewayStoredIscsiVolume(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    diskId: "${data.aws_storagegateway_local_disk.test.id}",
    gatewayArn: "${aws_storagegateway_cache.example.gateway_arn}",
    networkInterfaceId: "${aws_instance.example.private_ip}",
    preserveExistingData: false,
    snapshotId: "${aws_ebs_snapshot.example.id}",
    targetName: "example",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `gatewayArn` - (Required) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway.
* `networkInterfaceId` - (Required) The network interface of the gateway on which to expose the iSCSI target. Only IPv4 addresses are accepted.
* `targetName` - (Required) The name of the iSCSI target used by initiators to connect to the target and as a suffix for the target ARN. The target name must be unique across all volumes of a gateway.
* `diskId` - (Required) The unique identifier for the gateway local disk that is configured as a stored volume.
* `preserveExistingData` - (Required) Specify this field as `true` if you want to preserve the data on the local disk. Otherwise, specifying this field as false creates an empty volume.
* `snapshotId` - (Optional) The snapshot ID of the snapshot to restore as the new stored volumeE.g., `snap1122Aabb`.
* `kmsEncrypted` - (Optional) `true` to use Amazon S3 server side encryption with your own AWS KMS key, or `false` to use a key managed by Amazon S3. Optional.
* `kmsKey` - (Optional) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AWS KMS key used for Amazon S3 server side encryption. This value can only be set when `kmsEncrypted` is `true`.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value mapping of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - Volume Amazon Resource Name (ARN), e.g., `arn:aws:storagegateway:usEast1:123456789012:gateway/sgw12345678/volume/vol12345678`.
* `chapEnabled` - Whether mutual CHAP is enabled for the iSCSI target.
* `id` - Volume Amazon Resource Name (ARN), e.g., `arn:aws:storagegateway:usEast1:123456789012:gateway/sgw12345678/volume/vol12345678`.
* `lunNumber` - Logical disk number.
* `networkInterfacePort` - The port used to communicate with iSCSI targets.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).
* `targetArn` - Target Amazon Resource Name (ARN), e.g., `arn:aws:storagegateway:usEast1:123456789012:gateway/sgw12345678/target/iqn199705ComAmazon:targetName`.
* `volumeArn` - Volume Amazon Resource Name (ARN), e.g., `arn:aws:storagegateway:usEast1:123456789012:gateway/sgw12345678/volume/vol12345678`.
* `volumeId` - Volume ID, e.g., `vol12345678`.
* `volumeStatus` - indicates the state of the storage volume.
* `volumeType` - indicates the type of the volume.
* `volumeSizeInBytes` - The size of the data stored on the volume in bytes.
* `volumeAttachmentStatus` - A value that indicates whether a storage volume is attached to, detached from, or is in the process of detaching from a gateway.

## Import

`awsStoragegatewayStoredIscsiVolume` can be imported by using the volume Amazon Resource Name (ARN), e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_storagegateway_stored_iscsi_volume.example arn:aws:storagegateway:us-east-1:123456789012:gateway/sgw-12345678/volume/vol-12345678
```
