---
subcategory: "SWF (Simple Workflow)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_swf_domain"
description: |-
  Provides an SWF Domain resource
---

# Resource: aws\_swf\_domain

Provides an SWF Domain resource.

## Example Usage

To register a basic SWF domain:

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.swfDomain.SwfDomain(this, "foo", {
  description: "Terraform SWF Domain",
  name: "foo",
  workflowExecutionRetentionPeriodInDays: 30,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Optional, Forces new resource) The name of the domain. If omitted, Terraform will assign a random, unique name.
* `namePrefix` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Creates a unique name beginning with the specified prefix. Conflicts with `name`.
* `description` - (Optional, Forces new resource) The domain description.
* `workflowExecutionRetentionPeriodInDays` - (Required, Forces new resource) Length of time that SWF will continue to retain information about the workflow execution after the workflow execution is complete, must be between 0 and 90 days.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The name of the domain.
* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN)
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

SWF Domains can be imported using the `name`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_swf_domain.foo test-domain
```
