---
subcategory: "EBS (EC2)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_volume_attachment"
description: |-
  Provides an AWS EBS Volume Attachment
---

# Resource: aws\_volume\_attachment

Provides an AWS EBS Volume Attachment as a top level resource, to attach and
detach volumes from AWS Instances.

\~> **NOTE on EBS block devices:** If you use `ebsBlockDevice` on an `awsInstance`, Terraform will assume management over the full set of non-root EBS block devices for the instance, and treats additional block devices as drift. For this reason, `ebsBlockDevice` cannot be mixed with external `awsEbsVolume` + `awsVolumeAttachment` resources for a given instance.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const awsEbsVolumeExample = new aws.ebsVolume.EbsVolume(this, "example", {
  availabilityZone: "us-west-2a",
  size: 1,
});
const awsInstanceWeb = new aws.instance.Instance(this, "web", {
  ami: "ami-21f78e11",
  availabilityZone: "us-west-2a",
  instanceType: "t2.micro",
  tags: {
    Name: "HelloWorld",
  },
});
new aws.volumeAttachment.VolumeAttachment(this, "ebs_att", {
  deviceName: "/dev/sdh",
  instanceId: awsInstanceWeb.id,
  volumeId: awsEbsVolumeExample.id,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `deviceName` - (Required) The device name to expose to the instance (for
  example, `/dev/sdh` or `xvdh`).  See [Device Naming on Linux Instances][1] and [Device Naming on Windows Instances][2] for more information.
* `instanceId` - (Required) ID of the Instance to attach to
* `volumeId` - (Required) ID of the Volume to be attached
* `forceDetach` - (Optional, Boolean) Set to `true` if you want to force the
  volume to detach. Useful if previous attempts failed, but use this option only
  as a last resort, as this can result in **data loss**. See
  [Detaching an Amazon EBS Volume from an Instance][3] for more information.
* `skipDestroy` - (Optional, Boolean) Set this to true if you do not wish
  to detach the volume from the instance to which it is attached at destroy
  time, and instead just remove the attachment from Terraform state. This is
  useful when destroying an instance which has volumes created by some other
  means attached.
* `stopInstanceBeforeDetaching` - (Optional, Boolean) Set this to true to ensure that the target instance is stopped
  before trying to detach the volume. Stops the instance, if it is not already stopped.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `deviceName` - The device name exposed to the instance
* `instanceId` - ID of the Instance
* `volumeId` - ID of the Volume

## Import

EBS Volume Attachments can be imported using `deviceName:volumeId:instanceId`, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_volume_attachment.example /dev/sdh:vol-049df61146c4d7901:i-12345678
```

[1]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/device_naming.html#available-ec2-device-names

[2]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/WindowsGuide/device_naming.html#available-ec2-device-names

[3]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-detaching-volume.html
