---
subcategory: "WAF Classic"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_waf_size_constraint_set"
description: |-
  Provides a AWS WAF Size Constraint Set resource.
---

# Resource: aws\_waf\_size\_constraint\_set

Provides a WAF Size Constraint Set Resource

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.wafSizeConstraintSet.WafSizeConstraintSet(this, "size_constraint_set", {
  name: "tfsize_constraints",
  sizeConstraints: [
    {
      comparisonOperator: "EQ",
      fieldToMatch: {
        type: "BODY",
      },
      size: "4096",
      textTransformation: "NONE",
    },
  ],
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name or description of the Size Constraint Set.
* `sizeConstraints` - (Optional) Specifies the parts of web requests that you want to inspect the size of.

## Nested Blocks

### `sizeConstraints`

#### Arguments

* `fieldToMatch` - (Required) Specifies where in a web request to look for the size constraint.
* `comparisonOperator` - (Required) The type of comparison you want to perform.
  e.g., `eq`, `ne`, `lt`, `gt`.
  See [docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/APIReference/API_wafRegional_SizeConstraint.html) for all supported values.
* `size` - (Required) The size in bytes that you want to compare against the size of the specified `fieldToMatch`.
  Valid values are between 0 - 21474836480 bytes (0 - 20 GB).
* `textTransformation` - (Required) Text transformations used to eliminate unusual formatting that attackers use in web requests in an effort to bypass AWS WAF.
  If you specify a transformation, AWS WAF performs the transformation on `fieldToMatch` before inspecting a request for a match.
  e.g., `cmdLine`, `htmlEntityDecode` or `none`.
  See [docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/APIReference/API_SizeConstraint.html#WAF-Type-SizeConstraint-TextTransformation)
  for all supported values.
  **Note:** if you choose `body` as `type`, you must choose `none` because CloudFront forwards only the first 8192 bytes for inspection.

### `fieldToMatch`

#### Arguments

* `data` - (Optional) When `type` is `header`, enter the name of the header that you want to search, e.g., `userAgent` or `referer`.
  If `type` is any other value, omit this field.
* `type` - (Required) The part of the web request that you want AWS WAF to search for a specified string.
  e.g., `header`, `method` or `body`.
  See [docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/APIReference/API_FieldToMatch.html)
  for all supported values.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the WAF Size Constraint Set.
* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN)

## Import

AWS WAF Size Constraint Set can be imported using their ID, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_waf_size_constraint_set.example a1b2c3d4-d5f6-7777-8888-9999aaaabbbbcccc
```
