---
subcategory: "WAF Classic"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_waf_byte_match_set"
description: |-
  Provides a AWS WAF Byte Match Set resource.
---

# Resource: aws\_waf\_byte\_match\_set

Provides a WAF Byte Match Set Resource

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.wafByteMatchSet.WafByteMatchSet(this, "byte_set", {
  byteMatchTuples: [
    {
      fieldToMatch: {
        data: "referer",
        type: "HEADER",
      },
      positionalConstraint: "CONTAINS",
      targetString: "badrefer1",
      textTransformation: "NONE",
    },
  ],
  name: "tf_waf_byte_match_set",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name or description of the Byte Match Set.
* `byteMatchTuples` - Specifies the bytes (typically a string that corresponds
  with ASCII characters) that you want to search for in web requests,
  the location in requests that you want to search, and other settings.

## Nested blocks

### `byteMatchTuples`

#### Arguments

* `fieldToMatch` - (Required) The part of a web request that you want to search, such as a specified header or a query string.
* `positionalConstraint` - (Required) Within the portion of a web request that you want to search
  (for example, in the query string, if any), specify where you want to search.
  e.g., `contains`, `containsWord` or `exactly`.
  See [docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/APIReference/API_ByteMatchTuple.html#WAF-Type-ByteMatchTuple-PositionalConstraint)
  for all supported values.
* `targetString` - (Optional) The value that you want to search for within the field specified by `fieldToMatch`, e.g., `badrefer1`.
  See [docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/APIReference/API_waf_ByteMatchTuple.html)
  for all supported values.
* `textTransformation` - (Required) Text transformations used to eliminate unusual formatting that attackers use in web requests in an effort to bypass AWS WAF.
  If you specify a transformation, AWS WAF performs the transformation on `targetString` before inspecting a request for a match.
  e.g., `cmdLine`, `htmlEntityDecode` or `none`.
  See [docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/APIReference/API_ByteMatchTuple.html#WAF-Type-ByteMatchTuple-TextTransformation)
  for all supported values.

### `fieldToMatch`

#### Arguments

* `data` - (Optional) When `type` is `header`, enter the name of the header that you want to search, e.g., `userAgent` or `referer`.
  If `type` is any other value, omit this field.
* `type` - (Required) The part of the web request that you want AWS WAF to search for a specified string.
  e.g., `header`, `method` or `body`.
  See [docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/APIReference/API_FieldToMatch.html)
  for all supported values.

## Remarks

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the WAF Byte Match Set.

## Import

WAF Byte Match Set can be imported using the id, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_waf_byte_match_set.byte_set a1b2c3d4-d5f6-7777-8888-9999aaaabbbbcccc
```
