---
subcategory: "WAF Classic Regional"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_wafregional_rate_based_rule"
description: |-
  Provides a AWS WAF Regional rate based rule resource.
---

# Resource: aws\_wafregional\_rate\_based\_rule

Provides a WAF Rate Based Rule Resource

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const awsWafregionalIpsetIpset = new aws.wafregionalIpset.WafregionalIpset(
  this,
  "ipset",
  {
    ipSetDescriptor: [
      {
        type: "IPV4",
        value: "192.0.7.0/24",
      },
    ],
    name: "tfIPSet",
  }
);
new aws.wafregionalRateBasedRule.WafregionalRateBasedRule(this, "wafrule", {
  depends_on: [`\${${awsWafregionalIpsetIpset.fqn}}`],
  metricName: "tfWAFRule",
  name: "tfWAFRule",
  predicate: [
    {
      dataId: awsWafregionalIpsetIpset.id,
      negated: false,
      type: "IPMatch",
    },
  ],
  rateKey: "IP",
  rateLimit: 100,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `metricName` - (Required) The name or description for the Amazon CloudWatch metric of this rule.
* `name` - (Required) The name or description of the rule.
* `rateKey` - (Required) Valid value is IP.
* `rateLimit` - (Required) The maximum number of requests, which have an identical value in the field specified by the RateKey, allowed in a five-minute period. Minimum value is 100.
* `predicate` - (Optional) The objects to include in a rule (documented below).
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Nested Blocks

### `predicate`

See the [WAF Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/APIReference/API_Predicate.html) for more information.

#### Arguments

* `negated` - (Required) Set this to `false` if you want to allow, block, or count requests
  based on the settings in the specified `byteMatchSet`, `ipSet`, `sqlInjectionMatchSet`, `xssMatchSet`, or `sizeConstraintSet`.
  For example, if an IPSet includes the IP address `1920244`, AWS WAF will allow or block requests based on that IP address.
  If set to `true`, AWS WAF will allow, block, or count requests based on all IP addresses *except* `1920244`.
* `dataId` - (Required) A unique identifier for a predicate in the rule, such as Byte Match Set ID or IPSet ID.
* `type` - (Required) The type of predicate in a rule. Valid values: `byteMatch`, `geoMatch`, `ipMatch`, `regexMatch`, `sizeConstraint`, `sqlInjectionMatch`, or `xssMatch`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the WAF Regional Rate Based Rule.
* `arn` - The ARN of the WAF Regional Rate Based Rule.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

WAF Regional Rate Based Rule can be imported using the id, e.g.,

```console
$ terraform import aws_wafregional_rate_based_rule.wafrule a1b2c3d4-d5f6-7777-8888-9999aaaabbbbcccc
```
