---
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Get information about a Google Compute Image.
---

# google\_compute\_image

Get information about a Google Compute Image. Check that your service account has the `computeImageUser` role if you want to share [custom images](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images/sharing-images-across-projects) from another project. If you want to use [public images][pubimg], do not forget to specify the dedicated project. For more information see
[the official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images) and its [API](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/images).

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataGoogleComputeImageMyImage =
  new google.dataGoogleComputeImage.DataGoogleComputeImage(this, "my_image", {
    family: "debian-11",
    project: "debian-cloud",
  });
new google.computeInstance.ComputeInstance(this, "default", {
  boot_disk: [
    {
      initialize_params: [
        {
          image: dataGoogleComputeImageMyImage.selfLink,
        },
      ],
    },
  ],
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name`, `family` or `filter` - (Required) The name of a specific image or a family.
  Exactly one of `name`, `family` or `filter` must be specified. If `name` is specified, it will fetch
  the corresponding image. If `family` is specified, it will return the latest image
  that is part of an image family and is not deprecated. If you specify `filter`, your
  filter must return exactly one image. Filter syntax can be found [here](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/images/list) in the filter section.

***

* `project` - (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs. If it is not
  provided, the provider project is used. If you are using a
  [public base image][pubimg], be sure to specify the correct Image Project.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the data source  with format `projects/{{project}}/global/images/{{name}}`
* `selfLink` - The URI of the image.
* `name` - The name of the image.
* `family` - The family name of the image.
* `diskSizeGb` - The size of the image when restored onto a persistent disk in gigabytes.
* `archiveSizeBytes` - The size of the image tar.gz archive stored in Google Cloud Storage in bytes.
* `imageId` - The unique identifier for the image.
* `imageEncryptionKeySha256` - The [RFC 4648 base64](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-4)
  encoded SHA-256 hash of the [customer-supplied encryption key](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer-supplied-encryption)
  that protects this image.
* `sourceImageId` - The ID value of the image used to create this image.
* `sourceDisk` - The URL of the source disk used to create this image.
* `sourceDiskEncryptionKeySha256` - The [RFC 4648 base64](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-4)
  encoded SHA-256 hash of the [customer-supplied encryption key](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer-supplied-encryption)
  that protects this image.
* `sourceDiskId` - The ID value of the disk used to create this image.
* `creationTimestamp` - The creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `description` - An optional description of this image.
* `labels` - A map of labels applied to this image.
* `labelFingerprint` - A fingerprint for the labels being applied to this image.
* `licenses` - A list of applicable license URI.
* `status` - The status of the image. Possible values are **FAILED**, **PENDING**, or **READY**.

[pubimg]: https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images#os-compute-support "Google Cloud Public Base Images"
