---
subcategory: "Game Servers"
description: |-
  Get the rollout state.
---

# google\_game\_services\_game\_server\_deployment\_rollout

Use this data source to get the rollout state.

https://cloud.google.com/game-servers/docs/reference/rest/v1beta/GameServerDeploymentRollout

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.dataGoogleGameServicesGameServerDeploymentRollout.DataGoogleGameServicesGameServerDeploymentRollout(
  this,
  "qa",
  {
    deployment_id: "tf-test-deployment-s8sn12jt2c",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `deploymentId` - (Required)
  The deployment to get the rollout state from. Only 1 rollout must be associated with each deployment.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following attributes are exported:

*   `defaultGameServerConfig` -
    This field points to the game server config that is
    applied by default to all realms and clusters. For example,
    `projects/myProject/locations/global/gameServerDeployments/myGame/configs/myConfig`.

*   `gameServerConfigOverrides` -
    The game\_server\_config\_overrides contains the per game server config
    overrides. The overrides are processed in the order they are listed. As
    soon as a match is found for a cluster, the rest of the list is not
    processed.  Structure is [documented below](#nested_game_server_config_overrides).

*   `project` - The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

<a name="nested_game_server_config_overrides"></a>The `gameServerConfigOverrides` block contains:

*   `realmsSelector` -
    Selection by realms.  Structure is [documented below](#nested_realms_selector).

*   `configVersion` -
    Version of the configuration.

<a name="nested_realms_selector"></a>The `realmsSelector` block contains:

*   `realms` -
    List of realms to match against.

*   `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/locations/global/gameServerDeployments/{{deploymentId}}/rollout`

*   `name` -
    The resource id of the game server deployment
    eg: `projects/myProject/locations/global/gameServerDeployments/myDeployment/rollout`.
