---
subcategory: "Cloud (Stackdriver) Logging"
description: |-
  Get information about a Google Cloud Logging Sink.
---

# google\_logging\_sink

Use this data source to get a project, folder, organization or billing account logging sink details.
To get more information about Service, see:

[API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/reference/v2/rest/v2/sinks)

## Example Usage - Retrieve Project Logging Sink Basic

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.dataGoogleLoggingSink.DataGoogleLoggingSink(this, "project-sink", {
  id: "projects/0123456789/sinks/my-sink-name",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

***

*   `id` - (Required) The identifier for the resource.
    Examples:

    * `projects/[projectId]/sinks/[sinkName]`
    * `organizations/[organizationId]/sinks/[sinkName]`
    * `billingAccounts/[billingAccountId]/sinks/[sinkName]`
    * `folders/[folderId]/sinks/[sinkName]`

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

*   `name` - The name of the logging sink.

*   `destination` - The destination of the sink (or, in other words, where logs are written to).

*   `filter` - The filter which is applied when exporting logs. Only log entries that match the filter are exported.

*   `description` - The description of this sink.

*   `disabled` - Whether this sink is disabled and it does not export any log entries.

*   `writerIdentity` - The identity associated with this sink. This identity must be granted write access to the configured `destination`.

*   `bigqueryOptions` - Options that affect sinks exporting data to BigQuery. Structure is [documented below](#nested_bigquery_options).

*   `exclusions` - Log entries that match any of the exclusion filters are not exported. Structure is [documented below](#nested_exclusions).

<a name="nested_bigquery_options"></a>The `bigqueryOptions` block supports:

* `usePartitionedTables` - Whether [BigQuery's partition tables](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/partitioned-tables) are used.

<a name="nested_exclusions"></a>The `exclusions` block supports:

* `name` - A client-assigned identifier, such as `loadBalancerExclusion`.
* `description` - A description of this exclusion.
* `filter` - An advanced logs filter that matches the log entries to be excluded.
* `disabled` - Whether this exclusion is disabled and it does not exclude any log entries.
