---
subcategory: "Cloud (Stackdriver) Monitoring"
description: |-
  An Monitoring Service resource created automatically by GCP to monitor an
  Istio Canonical service.
---

# google\_monitoring\_istio\_canonical\_service

A Monitoring Service is the root resource under which operational aspects of a
generic service are accessible. A service is some discrete, autonomous, and
network-accessible unit, designed to solve an individual concern

A monitoring Istio Canonical Service is automatically created by GCP to monitor
Istio Canonical Services.

To get more information about Service, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/ref_v3/rest/v3/services)
* How-to Guides
  * [Service Monitoring](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/service-monitoring)
  * [Monitoring API Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/v3/)

## Example Usage - Monitoring Istio Canonical Service

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.dataGoogleMonitoringIstioCanonicalService.DataGoogleMonitoringIstioCanonicalService(
  this,
  "default",
  {
    canonical_service: "prometheus",
    canonical_service_namespace: "istio-system",
    mesh_uid: "proj-573164786102",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The arguments of this data source act as filters for identifying a given -created service.

The given filters must match exactly one service whose data will be exported as attributes. The following arguments are supported:

The following fields must be specified:

*   `meshUid` - (Required) Identifier for the mesh in which this Istio service is defined.
    Corresponds to the meshUid metric label in Istio metrics.

*   `canonicalServiceNamespace` - (Required) The namespace of the canonical service underlying this service.
    Corresponds to the destination\_canonical\_service\_namespace metric label in Istio metrics.

*   `canonicalService` - (Required) The name of the canonical service underlying this service.
    Corresponds to the destination\_canonical\_service\_name metric label in label in Istio metrics.

***

Other optional fields include:

* `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.
  If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

*   `name` -
    The full REST resource name for this channel. The syntax is:
    `projects/[projectId]/services/[serviceId]`.

*   `displayName` -
    Name used for UI elements listing this (Monitoring) Service.

*   `telemetry` -
    Configuration for how to query telemetry on the Service. Structure is documented below.

The `telemetry` block includes:

* `resourceName` -
  (Optional)
  The full name of the resource that defines this service.
  Formatted as described in
  https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource\_names.
