---
subcategory: "Compute Engine"
description: |-
  Manages a Cloud Router interface.
---

# google\_compute\_router\_interface

Manages a Cloud Router interface. For more information see
[the official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/cloudrouter)
and
[API](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/routers).

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.computeRouterInterface.ComputeRouterInterface(this, "foobar", {
  ip_range: "169.254.1.1/30",
  name: "interface-1",
  region: "us-central1",
  router: "router-1",
  vpn_tunnel: "tunnel-1",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) A unique name for the interface, required by GCE. Changing
    this forces a new interface to be created.

*   `router` - (Required) The name of the router this interface will be attached to.
    Changing this forces a new interface to be created.

In addition to the above required fields, a router interface must have specified either `ipRange` or exactly one of `vpnTunnel`, `interconnectAttachment` or `subnetwork`, or both.

***

*   `ipRange` - (Optional) IP address and range of the interface. The IP range must be
    in the RFC3927 link-local IP space. Changing this forces a new interface to be created.

*   `vpnTunnel` - (Optional) The name or resource link to the VPN tunnel this
    interface will be linked to. Changing this forces a new interface to be created. Only
    one of `vpnTunnel`, `interconnectAttachment` or `subnetwork` can be specified.

*   `interconnectAttachment` - (Optional) The name or resource link to the
    VLAN interconnect for this interface. Changing this forces a new interface to
    be created. Only one of `vpnTunnel`, `interconnectAttachment` or `subnetwork` can be specified.

*   `redundantInterface` - (Optional) The name of the interface that is redundant to
    this interface. Changing this forces a new interface to be created.

*   `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which this interface's router belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used. Changing this forces a new interface to be created.

*   `subnetwork` - (Optional) The URI of the subnetwork resource that this interface
    belongs to, which must be in the same region as the Cloud Router. When you establish a BGP session to a VM instance using this interface, the VM instance must belong to the same subnetwork as the subnetwork specified here. Changing this forces a new interface to be created. Only one of `vpnTunnel`, `interconnectAttachment` or `subnetwork` can be specified.

*   `privateIpAddress` - (Optional) The regional private internal IP address that is used
    to establish BGP sessions to a VM instance acting as a third-party Router Appliance. Changing this forces a new interface to be created.

*   `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project in which this interface's routerbelongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used. Changing this forces a new interface to be created.

*   `region` - (Optional) The region this interface's router sits in.
    If not specified, the project region will be used. Changing this forces a new interface to be created.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{region}}/{{router}}/{{name}}`

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options: configuration options:

* `create` - Default is 4 minutes.
* `delete` - Default is 4 minutes.

## Import

Router interfaces can be imported using the `region`, `router`, and `name`, e.g.

```console
$ terraform import google_compute_router_interface.foobar us-central1/router-1/interface-1
```
