---
subcategory: "Dataproc"
description: |-
 Collection of resources to manage IAM policy for a Dataproc cluster.
---

# IAM policy for Dataproc cluster

Three different resources help you manage IAM policies on dataproc clusters. Each of these resources serves a different use case:

* `googleDataprocClusterIamPolicy`: Authoritative. Sets the IAM policy for the cluster and replaces any existing policy already attached.
* `googleDataprocClusterIamBinding`: Authoritative for a given role. Updates the IAM policy to grant a role to a list of members. Other roles within the IAM policy for the cluster are preserved.
* `googleDataprocClusterIamMember`: Non-authoritative. Updates the IAM policy to grant a role to a new member. Other members for the role for the cluster are preserved.

\~> **Note:** `googleDataprocClusterIamPolicy` **cannot** be used in conjunction with `googleDataprocClusterIamBinding` and `googleDataprocClusterIamMember` or they will fight over what your policy should be. In addition, be careful not to accidentally unset ownership of the cluster as `googleDataprocClusterIamPolicy` replaces the entire policy.

\~> **Note:** `googleDataprocClusterIamBinding` resources **can be** used in conjunction with `googleDataprocClusterIamMember` resources **only if** they do not grant privilege to the same role.

## google\_dataproc\_cluster\_iam\_policy

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataGoogleIamPolicyAdmin =
  new google.dataGoogleIamPolicy.DataGoogleIamPolicy(this, "admin", {
    binding: [
      {
        members: ["user:jane@example.com"],
        role: "roles/editor",
      },
    ],
  });
new google.dataprocClusterIamPolicy.DataprocClusterIamPolicy(this, "editor", {
  cluster: "your-dataproc-cluster",
  policy_data: dataGoogleIamPolicyAdmin.policyData,
  project: "your-project",
  region: "your-region",
});

```

## google\_dataproc\_cluster\_iam\_binding

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.dataprocClusterIamBinding.DataprocClusterIamBinding(this, "editor", {
  cluster: "your-dataproc-cluster",
  members: ["user:jane@example.com"],
  role: "roles/editor",
});

```

## google\_dataproc\_cluster\_iam\_member

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.dataprocClusterIamMember.DataprocClusterIamMember(this, "editor", {
  cluster: "your-dataproc-cluster",
  member: "user:jane@example.com",
  role: "roles/editor",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `cluster` - (Required) The name or relative resource id of the cluster to manage IAM policies for.

For `googleDataprocClusterIamMember` or `googleDataprocClusterIamBinding`:

*   `member/members` - (Required) Identities that will be granted the privilege in `role`.
    Each entry can have one of the following values:
    * **allUsers**: A special identifier that represents anyone who is on the internet; with or without a Google account.
    * **allAuthenticatedUsers**: A special identifier that represents anyone who is authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
    * **user:{emailid}**: An email address that represents a specific Google account. For example, alice@gmail.com or joe@example.com.
    * **serviceAccount:{emailid}**: An email address that represents a service account. For example, my-other-app@appspot.gserviceaccount.com.
    * **group:{emailid}**: An email address that represents a Google group. For example, admins@example.com.
    * **domain:{domain}**: A G Suite domain (primary, instead of alias) name that represents all the users of that domain. For example, google.com or example.com.

*   `role` - (Required) The role that should be applied. Only one
    `googleDataprocClusterIamBinding` can be used per role. Note that custom roles must be of the format
    `[projects|organizations]/{parentName}/roles/{roleName}`.

`googleDataprocClusterIamPolicy` only:

* `policyData` - (Required) The policy data generated by a `googleIamPolicy` data source.

***

*   `project` - (Optional) The project in which the cluster belongs. If it
    is not provided, Terraform will use the provider default.

*   `region` - (Optional) The region in which the cluster belongs. If it
    is not provided, Terraform will use the provider default.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

* `etag` - (Computed) The etag of the clusters's IAM policy.

## Import

Cluster IAM resources can be imported using the project, region, cluster name, role and/or member.

```console
$ terraform import google_dataproc_cluster_iam_policy.editor "projects/{project}/regions/{region}/clusters/{cluster}"

$ terraform import google_dataproc_cluster_iam_binding.editor "projects/{project}/regions/{region}/clusters/{cluster} roles/editor"

$ terraform import google_dataproc_cluster_iam_member.editor "projects/{project}/regions/{region}/clusters/{cluster} roles/editor user:jane@example.com"
```

\-> **Custom Roles**: If you're importing a IAM resource with a custom role, make sure to use the
full name of the custom role, e.g. `[projects/myProject|organizations/myOrg]/roles/myCustomRole`.
