---
subcategory: "Cloud Platform"
description: |-
 Allows management of a Google Cloud Platform project.
---

# google\_project

Allows creation and management of a Google Cloud Platform project.

Projects created with this resource must be associated with an Organization.
See the [Organization documentation](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/quickstarts) for more details.

The user or service account that is running Terraform when creating a `googleProject`
resource must have `roles/resourcemanagerProjectCreator` on the specified organization. See the
[Access Control for Organizations Using IAM](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/access-control-org)
doc for more information.

\~> This resource reads the specified billing account on every terraform apply and plan operation so you must have permissions on the specified billing account.

\~> It is recommended to use the `constraints/computeSkipDefaultNetworkCreation` [constraint](/docs/providers/google/r/google_organization_policy.html) to remove the default network instead of setting `autoCreateNetwork` to false, when possible.

To get more information about projects, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/reference/rest/v1/projects)
* How-to Guides
  * [Creating and managing projects](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects)

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.project.Project(this, "my_project", {
  name: "My Project",
  org_id: "1234567",
  project_id: "your-project-id",
});

```

To create a project under a specific folder

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const googleFolderDepartment1 = new google.folder.Folder(this, "department1", {
  display_name: "Department 1",
  parent: "organizations/1234567",
});
new google.project.Project(this, "my_project-in-a-folder", {
  folder_id: googleFolderDepartment1.name,
  name: "My Project",
  project_id: "your-project-id",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The display name of the project.

*   `projectId` - (Required) The project ID. Changing this forces a new project to be created.

*   `orgId` - (Optional) The numeric ID of the organization this project belongs to.
    Changing this forces a new project to be created.  Only one of
    `orgId` or `folderId` may be specified. If the `orgId` is
    specified then the project is created at the top level. Changing
    this forces the project to be migrated to the newly specified
    organization.

*   `folderId` - (Optional) The numeric ID of the folder this project should be
    created under. Only one of `orgId` or `folderId` may be
    specified. If the `folderId` is specified, then the project is
    created under the specified folder. Changing this forces the
    project to be migrated to the newly specified folder.

*   `billingAccount` - (Optional) The alphanumeric ID of the billing account this project
    belongs to. The user or service account performing this operation with Terraform
    must have at minimum Billing Account User privileges (`roles/billingUser`) on the billing account.
    See [Google Cloud Billing API Access Control](https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/billing-access)
    for more details.

*   `skipDelete` - (Optional) If true, the Terraform resource can be deleted
    without deleting the Project via the Google API.

*   `labels` - (Optional) A set of key/value label pairs to assign to the project.

*   `autoCreateNetwork` - (Optional) Controls whether the 'default' network exists on the project. Defaults
    to `true`, where it is created. If set to `false`, the default network will still be created by GCP but
    will be deleted immediately by Terraform. Therefore, for quota purposes, you will still need to have 1
    network slot available to create the project successfully, even if you set `autoCreateNetwork` to
    `false`. Note that when `false`, Terraform enables `computeGoogleapisCom` on the project to interact
    with the GCE API and currently leaves it enabled.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

*   `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}`

*   `number` - The numeric identifier of the project.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options: configuration options:

* `create` - Default is 10 minutes.
* `update` - Default is 10 minutes.
* `delete` - Default is 10 minutes.

## Import

Projects can be imported using the `projectId`, e.g.

```console
$ terraform import google_project.my_project your-project-id
```
