---
subcategory: "Cloud Bigtable"
description: |-
 Collection of resources to manage IAM policy for a Bigtable instance.
---

# IAM policy for Bigtable instance

Three different resources help you manage IAM policies on bigtable instances. Each of these resources serves a different use case:

* `googleBigtableInstanceIamPolicy`: Authoritative. Sets the IAM policy for the instance and replaces any existing policy already attached.
* `googleBigtableInstanceIamBinding`: Authoritative for a given role. Updates the IAM policy to grant a role to a list of members. Other roles within the IAM policy for the instance are preserved.
* `googleBigtableInstanceIamMember`: Non-authoritative. Updates the IAM policy to grant a role to a new member. Other members for the role for the instance are preserved.

\~> **Note:** `googleBigtableInstanceIamPolicy` **cannot** be used in conjunction with `googleBigtableInstanceIamBinding` and `googleBigtableInstanceIamMember` or they will fight over what your policy should be. In addition, be careful not to accidentally unset ownership of the instance as `googleBigtableInstanceIamPolicy` replaces the entire policy.

\~> **Note:** `googleBigtableInstanceIamBinding` resources **can be** used in conjunction with `googleBigtableInstanceIamMember` resources **only if** they do not grant privilege to the same role.

## googleBigtableInstanceIamPolicy

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataGoogleIamPolicyAdmin =
  new google.dataGoogleIamPolicy.DataGoogleIamPolicy(this, "admin", {
    binding: [
      {
        members: ["user:jane@example.com"],
        role: "roles/bigtable.user",
      },
    ],
  });
new google.bigtableInstanceIamPolicy.BigtableInstanceIamPolicy(this, "editor", {
  instance: "your-bigtable-instance",
  policy_data: dataGoogleIamPolicyAdmin.policyData,
  project: "your-project",
});

```

## googleBigtableInstanceIamBinding

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.bigtableInstanceIamBinding.BigtableInstanceIamBinding(
  this,
  "editor",
  {
    instance: "your-bigtable-instance",
    members: ["user:jane@example.com"],
    role: "roles/bigtable.user",
  }
);

```

## googleBigtableInstanceIamMember

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.bigtableInstanceIamMember.BigtableInstanceIamMember(this, "editor", {
  instance: "your-bigtable-instance",
  member: "user:jane@example.com",
  role: "roles/bigtable.user",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `instance` - (Required) The name or relative resource id of the instance to manage IAM policies for.

For `googleBigtableInstanceIamMember` or `googleBigtableInstanceIamBinding`:

*   `member/members` - (Required) Identities that will be granted the privilege in `role`.
    Each entry can have one of the following values:
    * **allUsers**: A special identifier that represents anyone who is on the internet; with or without a Google account.
    * **allAuthenticatedUsers**: A special identifier that represents anyone who is authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
    * **user:{emailid}**: An email address that represents a specific Google account. For example, alice@gmail.com or joe@example.com.
    * **serviceAccount:{emailid}**: An email address that represents a service account. For example, my-other-app@appspot.gserviceaccount.com.
    * **group:{emailid}**: An email address that represents a Google group. For example, admins@example.com.
    * **domain:{domain}**: A G Suite domain (primary, instead of alias) name that represents all the users of that domain. For example, google.com or example.com.

*   `role` - (Required) The role that should be applied. Only one
    `googleBigtableInstanceIamBinding` can be used per role. Note that custom roles must be of the format
    `[projects|organizations]/{parentName}/roles/{roleName}`. Read more about roles [here](https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/docs/access-control#roles).

`googleBigtableInstanceIamPolicy` only:

* `policyData` - (Required) The policy data generated by a `googleIamPolicy` data source.

***

* `project` - (Optional) The project in which the instance belongs. If it
  is not provided, Terraform will use the provider default.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

* `etag` - (Computed) The etag of the instances's IAM policy.

## Import

Instance IAM resources can be imported using the project, instance name, role and/or member.

```console
$ terraform import google_bigtable_instance_iam_policy.editor "projects/{project}/instances/{instance}"

$ terraform import google_bigtable_instance_iam_binding.editor "projects/{project}/instances/{instance} roles/editor"

$ terraform import google_bigtable_instance_iam_member.editor "projects/{project}/instances/{instance} roles/editor user:jane@example.com"
```

\-> **Custom Roles**: If you're importing a IAM resource with a custom role, make sure to use the
full name of the custom role, e.g. `[projects/myProject|organizations/myOrg]/roles/myCustomRole`.
