---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    Type: MMv1     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file in
#     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
subcategory: "Cloud Identity"
description: |-
  A Cloud Identity resource representing a Group.
---

# googleCloudIdentityGroup

A Cloud Identity resource representing a Group.

To get more information about Group, see:

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/identity/docs/reference/rest/v1beta1/groups)
* How-to Guides
  * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/identity/docs/how-to/setup)

\~> **Warning:** If you are using User ADCs (Application Default Credentials) with this resource,
you must specify a `billingProject` and set `userProjectOverride` to true
in the provider configuration. Otherwise the Cloud Identity API will return a 403 error.
Your account must have the `serviceusageServicesUse` permission on the
`billingProject` you defined.

## Example Usage - Cloud Identity Groups Basic

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.cloudIdentityGroup.CloudIdentityGroup(
  this,
  "cloud_identity_group_basic",
  {
    display_name: "my-identity-group",
    group_key: [
      {
        id: "my-identity-group@example.com",
      },
    ],
    initial_group_config: "WITH_INITIAL_OWNER",
    labels: [
      {
        "cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.discussion_forum": "",
      },
    ],
    parent: "customers/A01b123xz",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `groupKey` -
    (Required)
    EntityKey of the Group.
    Structure is [documented below](#nested_group_key).

*   `parent` -
    (Required)
    The resource name of the entity under which this Group resides in the
    Cloud Identity resource hierarchy.
    Must be of the form identitysources/{identity\_source\_id} for external-identity-mapped
    groups or customers/{customer\_id} for Google Groups.

*   `labels` -
    (Required)
    One or more label entries that apply to the Group. Currently supported labels contain a key with an empty value.
    Google Groups are the default type of group and have a label with a key of cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.discussion\_forum and an empty value.
    Existing Google Groups can have an additional label with a key of cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.security and an empty value added to them. This is an immutable change and the security label cannot be removed once added.
    Dynamic groups have a label with a key of cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.dynamic.
    Identity-mapped groups for Cloud Search have a label with a key of system/groups/external and an empty value.

<a name="nested_group_key"></a>The `groupKey` block supports:

*   `id` -
    (Required)
    The ID of the entity.
    For Google-managed entities, the id must be the email address of an existing
    group or user.
    For external-identity-mapped entities, the id must be a string conforming
    to the Identity Source's requirements.
    Must be unique within a namespace.

*   `namespace` -
    (Optional)
    The namespace in which the entity exists.
    If not specified, the EntityKey represents a Google-managed entity
    such as a Google user or a Google Group.
    If specified, the EntityKey represents an external-identity-mapped group.
    The namespace must correspond to an identity source created in Admin Console
    and must be in the form of `identitysources/{identitySourceId}`.

***

*   `displayName` -
    (Optional)
    The display name of the Group.

*   `description` -
    (Optional)
    An extended description to help users determine the purpose of a Group.
    Must not be longer than 4,096 characters.

*   `initialGroupConfig` -
    (Optional)
    The initial configuration options for creating a Group.
    See the
    [API reference](https://cloud.google.com/identity/docs/reference/rest/v1beta1/groups/create#initialgroupconfig)
    for possible values.
    Default value is `empty`.
    Possible values are `initialGroupConfigUnspecified`, `withInitialOwner`, and `empty`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

*   `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `{{name}}`

*   `name` -
    Resource name of the Group in the format: groups/{group\_id}, where group\_id
    is the unique ID assigned to the Group.

*   `createTime` -
    The time when the Group was created.

*   `updateTime` -
    The time when the Group was last updated.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options:

* `create` - Default is 20 minutes.
* `update` - Default is 20 minutes.
* `delete` - Default is 20 minutes.

## Import

Group can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```console
$ terraform import google_cloud_identity_group.default {{name}}
```
