---
subcategory: "Cloud Endpoints"
description: |-
  Creates and rolls out a Google Endpoints service.
---

# googleEndpointsService

This resource creates and rolls out a Cloud Endpoints service using OpenAPI or gRPC.  View the relevant docs for [OpenAPI](https://cloud.google.com/endpoints/docs/openapi/) and [gRPC](https://cloud.google.com/endpoints/docs/grpc/).

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.endpointsService.EndpointsService(this, "grpc_service", {
  grpc_config: '${file("service_spec.yml")}',
  project: "project-id",
  protoc_output_base64: '${filebase64("compiled_descriptor_file.pb")}',
  service_name: "api-name.endpoints.project-id.cloud.goog",
});
new google.endpointsService.EndpointsService(this, "openapi_service", {
  openapi_config: '${file("openapi_spec.yml")}',
  project: "project-id",
  service_name: "api-name.endpoints.project-id.cloud.goog",
});

```

The example in `examples/endpointsOnComputeEngine` shows the API from the quickstart running on a Compute Engine VM and reachable through Cloud Endpoints, which may also be useful.

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `serviceName`: (Required) The name of the service.  Usually of the form `$apinameEndpoints.$projectidCloudGoog`.

***

*   `openapiConfig`: (Optional) The full text of the OpenAPI YAML configuration as described [here](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/versions/2.0.md).
    Either this, or *both* of `grpcConfig` and `protocOutputBase64` must be specified.

*   `grpcConfig`: (Optional) The full text of the Service Config YAML file (Example located [here](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/blob/main/endpoints/bookstore-grpc/api_config.yaml)).
    If provided, must also provide `protocOutputBase64`.  `openApi` config must *not* be provided.

*   `protocOutputBase64`: (Optional) The full contents of the Service Descriptor File generated by protoc.  This should be a compiled .pb file, base64-encoded.

*   `project`: (Optional) The project ID that the service belongs to.  If not provided, provider project is used.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments, the following attributes are available:

*   `configId`: The autogenerated ID for the configuration that is rolled out as part of the creation of this resource.  Must be provided to compute engine instances as a tag.

*   `dnsAddress`: The address at which the service can be found - usually the same as the service name.

*   `apis`: A list of API objects; structure is documented below.

*   `endpoints`: A list of Endpoint objects; structure is documented below.

***

### API Object Structure

* `name`: The FQDN of the API as described in the provided config.
* `syntax`: `syntaxProto2` or `syntaxProto3`.
* `version`: A version string for this api. If specified, will have the form major-version.minor-version, e.g. `110`.
* `methods`: A list of Method objects; structure is documented below.

### Method Object Structure

* `name`: The simple name of this method as described in the provided config.
* `syntax`: `syntaxProto2` or `syntaxProto3`.
* `requestType`: The type URL for the request to this API.
* `responseType`: The type URL for the response from this API.

### Endpoint Object Structure

* `name`: The simple name of the endpoint as described in the config.
* `address`: The FQDN of the endpoint as described in the config.

## Import

This resource does not support import.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options: configuration options:

* `create` - Default is 10 minutes.
* `update` - Default is 10 minutes.
* `delete` - Default is 10 minutes.
