---
subcategory: "Cloud Platform"
description: |-
 Allows management of a Google Cloud Platform service account.
---

# googleServiceAccount

Allows management of a Google Cloud service account.

* [API documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/projects.serviceAccounts)
* How-to Guides
  * [Official Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/access/service-accounts)

\-> **Warning:**  If you delete and recreate a service account, you must reapply any IAM roles that it had before.

\-> Creation of service accounts is eventually consistent, and that can lead to
errors when you try to apply ACLs to service accounts immediately after
creation. If using these resources in the same config, you can add a
[`sleep` using `localExec`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/issues/17726#issuecomment-377357866).

## Example Usage

This snippet creates a service account in a project.

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.serviceAccount.ServiceAccount(this, "service_account", {
  account_id: "service-account-id",
  display_name: "Service Account",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `accountId` - (Required) The account id that is used to generate the service
    account email address and a stable unique id. It is unique within a project,
    must be 6-30 characters long, and match the regular expression `[aZ]([AZ09]*[aZ09])`
    to comply with RFC1035. Changing this forces a new service account to be created.

*   `displayName` - (Optional) The display name for the service account.
    Can be updated without creating a new resource.

*   `description` - (Optional) A text description of the service account.
    Must be less than or equal to 256 UTF-8 bytes.

*   `disabled` - (Optional) Whether a service account is disabled or not. Defaults to `false`. This field has no effect during creation.
    Must be set after creation to disable a service account.

*   `project` - (Optional) The ID of the project that the service account will be created in.
    Defaults to the provider project configuration.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

*   `id` - an identifier for the resource with format `projects/{{project}}/serviceAccounts/{{email}}`

*   `email` - The e-mail address of the service account. This value
    should be referenced from any `googleIamPolicy` data sources
    that would grant the service account privileges.

*   `name` - The fully-qualified name of the service account.

*   `uniqueId` - The unique id of the service account.

*   `member` - The Identity of the service account in the form `serviceAccount:{email}`. This value is often used to refer to the service account in order to grant IAM permissions.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following
[Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/plugin/sdkv2/resources/retries-and-customizable-timeouts) configuration options: configuration options:

* `create` - Default is 5 minutes.

## Import

Service accounts can be imported using their URI, e.g.

```console
$ terraform import google_service_account.my_sa projects/my-project/serviceAccounts/my-sa@my-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com
```
