---
subcategory: "Cloud Platform"
description: |-
 Allows management of a customized Cloud IAM project role.
---

# googleProjectIamCustomRole

Allows management of a customized Cloud IAM project role. For more information see
[the official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/understanding-custom-roles)
and
[API](https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/projects.roles).

\~> **Warning:** Note that custom roles in GCP have the concept of a soft-delete. There are two issues that may arise
from this and how roles are propagated. 1) creating a role may involve undeleting and then updating a role with the
same name, possibly causing confusing behavior between undelete and update. 2) A deleted role is permanently deleted
after 7 days, but it can take up to 30 more days (i.e. between 7 and 37 days after deletion) before the role name is
made available again. This means a deleted role that has been deleted for more than 7 days cannot be changed at all
by Terraform, and new roles cannot share that name.

## Example Usage

This snippet creates a customized IAM role.

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.projectIamCustomRole.ProjectIamCustomRole(this, "my-custom-role", {
  description: "A description",
  permissions: ["iam.roles.list", "iam.roles.create", "iam.roles.delete"],
  role_id: "myCustomRole",
  title: "My Custom Role",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `roleId` - (Required) The camel case role id to use for this role. Cannot contain `-` characters.

*   `title` - (Required) A human-readable title for the role.

*   `permissions` (Required) The names of the permissions this role grants when bound in an IAM policy. At least one permission must be specified.

*   `project` - (Optional) The project that the service account will be created in.
    Defaults to the provider project configuration.

*   `stage` - (Optional) The current launch stage of the role.
    Defaults to `ga`.
    List of possible stages is [here](https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/organizations.roles#Role.RoleLaunchStage).

*   `description` - (Optional) A human-readable description for the role.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

*   `deleted` - (Optional) The current deleted state of the role.

*   `id` - an identifier for the resource with the format `projects/{{project}}/roles/{{roleId}}`

*   `name` - The name of the role in the format `projects/{{project}}/roles/{{roleId}}`. Like `id`, this field can be used as a reference in other resources such as IAM role bindings.

## Import

Custom Roles can be imported using any of these accepted formats:

```console
$ terraform import google_project_iam_custom_role.default projects/{{project}}/roles/{{role_id}}
$ terraform import google_project_iam_custom_role.default {{project}}/{{role_id}}
$ terraform import google_project_iam_custom_role.default {{role_id}}
```
