---
subcategory: "Cloud Healthcare"
description: |-
 Collection of resources to manage IAM policy for a Google Cloud Healthcare dataset.
---

# IAM policy for Google Cloud Healthcare dataset

\~> **Warning:** These resources are in beta, and should be used with the terraform-provider-google-beta provider.
See [Provider Versions](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) for more details on beta resources.

Three different resources help you manage your IAM policy for Healthcare dataset. Each of these resources serves a different use case:

* `googleHealthcareDatasetIamPolicy`: Authoritative. Sets the IAM policy for the dataset and replaces any existing policy already attached.
* `googleHealthcareDatasetIamBinding`: Authoritative for a given role. Updates the IAM policy to grant a role to a list of members. Other roles within the IAM policy for the dataset are preserved.
* `googleHealthcareDatasetIamMember`: Non-authoritative. Updates the IAM policy to grant a role to a new member. Other members for the role for the dataset are preserved.

\~> **Note:** `googleHealthcareDatasetIamPolicy` **cannot** be used in conjunction with `googleHealthcareDatasetIamBinding` and `googleHealthcareDatasetIamMember` or they will fight over what your policy should be.

\~> **Note:** `googleHealthcareDatasetIamBinding` resources **can be** used in conjunction with `googleHealthcareDatasetIamMember` resources **only if** they do not grant privilege to the same role.

## googleHealthcareDatasetIamPolicy

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataGoogleIamPolicyAdmin =
  new google.dataGoogleIamPolicy.DataGoogleIamPolicy(this, "admin", {
    binding: [
      {
        members: ["user:jane@example.com"],
        role: "roles/editor",
      },
    ],
  });
new google.healthcareDatasetIamPolicy.HealthcareDatasetIamPolicy(
  this,
  "dataset",
  {
    dataset_id: "your-dataset-id",
    policy_data: dataGoogleIamPolicyAdmin.policyData,
  }
);

```

## googleHealthcareDatasetIamBinding

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.healthcareDatasetIamBinding.HealthcareDatasetIamBinding(
  this,
  "dataset",
  {
    dataset_id: "your-dataset-id",
    members: ["user:jane@example.com"],
    role: "roles/editor",
  }
);

```

## googleHealthcareDatasetIamMember

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as google from "./.gen/providers/google";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: google.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new google.healthcareDatasetIamMember.HealthcareDatasetIamMember(
  this,
  "dataset",
  {
    dataset_id: "your-dataset-id",
    member: "user:jane@example.com",
    role: "roles/editor",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `datasetId` - (Required) The dataset ID, in the form
    `{projectId}/{locationName}/{datasetName}` or
    `{locationName}/{datasetName}`. In the second form, the provider's
    project setting will be used as a fallback.

*   `member/members` - (Required) Identities that will be granted the privilege in `role`.
    Each entry can have one of the following values:
    * **allUsers**: A special identifier that represents anyone who is on the internet; with or without a Google account.
    * **allAuthenticatedUsers**: A special identifier that represents anyone who is authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
    * **user:{emailid}**: An email address that represents a specific Google account. For example, alice@gmail.com or joe@example.com.
    * **serviceAccount:{emailid}**: An email address that represents a service account. For example, my-other-app@appspot.gserviceaccount.com.
    * **group:{emailid}**: An email address that represents a Google group. For example, admins@example.com.
    * **domain:{domain}**: A G Suite domain (primary, instead of alias) name that represents all the users of that domain. For example, google.com or example.com.

*   `role` - (Required) The role that should be applied. Only one
    `googleHealthcareDatasetIamBinding` can be used per role. Note that custom roles must be of the format
    `[projects|organizations]/{parentName}/roles/{roleName}`.

*   `policyData` - (Required only by `googleHealthcareDatasetIamPolicy`) The policy data generated by
    a `googleIamPolicy` data source.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

* `etag` - (Computed) The etag of the dataset's IAM policy.

## Import

IAM member imports use space-delimited identifiers; the resource in question, the role, and the account.  This member resource can be imported using the `datasetId`, role, and account e.g.

```console
$ terraform import google_healthcare_dataset_iam_member.dataset_iam "your-project-id/location-name/dataset-name roles/viewer user:foo@example.com"
```

IAM binding imports use space-delimited identifiers; the resource in question and the role.  This binding resource can be imported using the `datasetId` and role, e.g.

```console
$ terraform import google_healthcare_dataset_iam_binding.dataset_iam "your-project-id/location-name/dataset-name roles/viewer"
```

IAM policy imports use the identifier of the resource in question.  This policy resource can be imported using the `datasetId`, role, and account e.g.

```console
$ terraform import google_healthcare_dataset_iam_policy.dataset_iam your-project-id/location-name/dataset-name
```

\-> **Custom Roles**: If you're importing a IAM resource with a custom role, make sure to use the
full name of the custom role, e.g. `[projects/myProject|organizations/myOrg]/roles/myCustomRole`.
