---
subcategory: "App Service (Web Apps)"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_app_service_certificate_order"
description: |-
  Manages an App Service Certificate Order.

---

# azurerm\_app\_service\_certificate\_order

Manages an App Service Certificate Order.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermAppServiceCertificateOrderExample =
  new azurerm.appServiceCertificateOrder.AppServiceCertificateOrder(
    this,
    "example_1",
    {
      distinguished_name: "CN=example.com",
      location: "global",
      name: "example-cert-order",
      product_type: "Standard",
      resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermAppServiceCertificateOrderExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the certificate. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which to create the certificate. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Currently the only valid value is `global`.

*   `autoRenew` - (Optional) true if the certificate should be automatically renewed when it expires; otherwise, false. Defaults to `true`.

*   `csr` - (Optional) Last CSR that was created for this order.

*   `distinguishedName` - (Optional) The Distinguished Name for the App Service Certificate Order.

\-> **NOTE:** Either `csr` or `distinguishedName` must be set - but not both.

*   `keySize` - (Optional) Certificate key size. Defaults to `2048`.

*   `productType` - (Optional) Certificate product type, such as `standard` or `wildCard`.

*   `validityInYears` - (Optional) Duration in years (must be between `1` and `3`). Defaults to `1`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The App Service Certificate Order ID.

*   `certificates` - State of the Key Vault secret. A `certificates` block as defined below.

*   `domainVerificationToken` - Domain verification token.

*   `status` - Current order status.

*   `expirationTime` - Certificate expiration time.

*   `isPrivateKeyExternal` - Whether the private key is external or not.

*   `appServiceCertificateNotRenewableReasons` - Reasons why App Service Certificate is not renewable at the current moment.

*   `signedCertificateThumbprint` - Certificate thumbprint for signed certificate.

*   `rootThumbprint` - Certificate thumbprint for root certificate.

*   `intermediateThumbprint` - Certificate thumbprint intermediate certificate.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

***

The `certificates` block supports the following:

*   `certificateName` - The name of the App Service Certificate.

*   `keyVaultId` - Key Vault resource Id.

*   `keyVaultSecretName` - Key Vault secret name.

*   `provisioningState` - Status of the Key Vault secret.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the App Service Certificate Order.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the App Service Certificate Order.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the App Service Certificate Order.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the App Service Certificate Order.

## Import

App Service Certificate Orders can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_app_service_certificate_order.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.CertificateRegistration/certificateOrders/certificateorder1
```
