---
subcategory: "Automation"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_automation_job_schedule"
description: |-
  Links an Automation Runbook and Schedule.
---

# azurerm\_automation\_job\_schedule

Links an Automation Runbook and Schedule.

## Example Usage

This is an example of just the Job Schedule. A full example of the `azurermAutomationJobSchedule` resource can be found in [the `/examples/automationAccount` directory within the GitHub Repository](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm/tree/main/examples/automation-account)

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.automationJobSchedule.AutomationJobSchedule(this, "example", {
  automation_account_name: "tf-automation-account",
  parameters: [
    {
      resourcegroup: "tf-rgr-vm",
      vmname: "TF-VM-01",
    },
  ],
  resource_group_name: "tf-rgr-automation",
  runbook_name: "Get-VirtualMachine",
  schedule_name: "hour",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which the Job Schedule is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `automationAccountName` - (Required) The name of the Automation Account in which the Job Schedule is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `runbookName` - (Required) The name of a Runbook to link to a Schedule. It needs to be in the same Automation Account as the Schedule and Job Schedule. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `scheduleName` - (Required) The name of the Schedule. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `parameters` - (Optional) A map of key/value pairs corresponding to the arguments that can be passed to the Runbook. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

\-> **NOTE:** The parameter keys/names must strictly be in lowercase, even if this is not the case in the runbook. This is due to a limitation in Azure Automation where the parameter names are normalized. The values specified don't have this limitation.

* `runOn` - (Optional) Name of a Hybrid Worker Group the Runbook will be executed on. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Automation Job Schedule.

*   `jobScheduleId` - (Optional) The UUID identifying the Automation Job Schedule.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Automation Job Schedule.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Automation Job Schedule.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Automation Job Schedule.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Automation Job Schedule.

## Import

Automation Job Schedules can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_automation_job_schedule.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.Automation/automationAccounts/account1/jobSchedules/10000000-1001-1001-1001-000000000001
```
