---
subcategory: "Automation"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_automation_source_control"
description: |-
  Manages an Automation Source Control.
---

# azurerm\_automation\_source\_control

Manages an Automation Source Control.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.automationSourceControl.AutomationSourceControl(this, "example", {
  automation_account_id: "${azurerm_automation_account.test.id}",
  branch: "main",
  folder_path: "runbook",
  name: "example",
  repository_url: "https://github.com/foo/bat.git",
  security: [
    {
      token: "ghp_xxx",
      token_type: "PersonalAccessToken",
    },
  ],
  source_control_type: "GitHub",
});

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Automation Source Control. Changing this forces a new Automation Source Control to be created.

*   `automationAccountId` - (Required) The ID of Automation Account to manage this Source Control. Changing this forces a new Automation Source Control to be created.

*   `folderPath` - (Required) The folder path of the source control. This Path must be relative.

*   `repositoryUrl` - (Required) The Repository URL of the source control.

*   `security` - (Required) A `security` block as defined below.

*   `sourceControlType` - (Required) The source type of Source Control, possible vaules are `vsoGit`, `vsoTfvc` and `gitHub`, and the value is case sensitive.

***

*   `automaticSync` - (Optional) Whether auto async the Source Control.

*   `branch` - (Optional) Specify the repo branch of the Source Control. Empty value is valid only for `vsoTfvc`.

*   `description` - (Optional) A short description of the Source Control.

*   `publishRunbookEnabled` - (Optional) Whether auto publish the Source Control. Defaults to `true`.

***

A `security` block supports the following:

*   `token` - (Required) The access token of specified repo.

*   `tokenType` - (Required) Specify the token type, possible values are `personalAccessToken` and `oauth`.

*   `refreshToken` - (Optional) The refresh token of specified rpeo.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Automation Source Control.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Automation.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Automation.
* `update` - (Defaults to 10 minutes) Used when updating the Automation.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 10 minutes) Used when deleting the Automation.

## Import

Automations can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_automation_source_control.example /subscriptions/12345678-1234-9876-4563-123456789012/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.Automation/automationAccounts/account1/sourceControls/sc1
```
