---
subcategory: "Automation"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_automation_account"
description: |-
  Manages a Automation Account.
---

# azurerm\_automation\_account

Manages a Automation Account.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermAutomationAccountExample =
  new azurerm.automationAccount.AutomationAccount(this, "example_1", {
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "example-account",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    sku_name: "Basic",
    tags: {
      environment: "development",
    },
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermAutomationAccountExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Automation Account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `publicNetworkAccessEnabled` - (Optional) Whether public network access is allowed for the container registry. Defaults to `true`.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which the Automation Account is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `skuName` - (Required) The SKU of the account. Possible values are `basic` and `free`.

*   `localAuthenticationEnabled` - (Optional) Whether requests using non-AAD authentication are blocked. Defaults to `true`.

***

*   `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

*   `encryption` - (Optional) An `encryption` block as defined below.

***

An `identity` block supports the following:

*   `type` - (Required) The type of identity used for this Automation Account. Possible values are `systemAssigned`, `userAssigned` and `systemAssigned,UserAssigned`.

*   `identityIds` - (Optional) The ID of the User Assigned Identity which should be assigned to this Automation Account.

\-> **Note:** `identityIds` is required when `type` is set to `userAssigned` or `systemAssigned,UserAssigned`.

***

An `encryption` block supports the following:

*   `userAssignedIdentityId` - (Optional) The User Assigned Managed Identity ID to be used for accessing the Customer Managed Key for encryption.

*   `keySource` - (Optional) The source of the encryption key. Possible values are `microsoftAutomation` and `microsoftKeyvault`.

*   `keyVaultKeyId` - (Required) The ID of the Key Vault Key which should be used to Encrypt the data in this Automation Account.

***

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Automation Account.

*   `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below.

*   `dscServerEndpoint` - The DSC Server Endpoint associated with this Automation Account.

*   `dscPrimaryAccessKey` - The Primary Access Key for the DSC Endpoint associated with this Automation Account.

*   `dscSecondaryAccessKey` - The Secondary Access Key for the DSC Endpoint associated with this Automation Account.

*   `hybridServiceUrl` - The URL of automation hybrid service which is used for hybrid worker on-boarding With this Automation Account.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Automation Account.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Automation Account.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Automation Account.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Automation Account.

## Import

Automation Accounts can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_automation_account.account1 /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.Automation/automationAccounts/account1
```
