---
subcategory: "Recovery Services"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_backup_policy_vm_workload"
description: |-
  Manages an Azure VM Workload Backup Policy.
---

# azurerm\_backup\_policy\_vm\_workload

Manages an Azure VM Workload Backup Policy within a Recovery Services vault.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-bpvmw",
  }
);
const azurermRecoveryServicesVaultExample =
  new azurerm.recoveryServicesVault.RecoveryServicesVault(this, "example_1", {
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "example-rsv",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    sku: "Standard",
    soft_delete_enabled: false,
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermRecoveryServicesVaultExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermBackupPolicyVmWorkloadExample =
  new azurerm.backupPolicyVmWorkload.BackupPolicyVmWorkload(this, "example_2", {
    name: "example-bpvmw",
    protection_policy: [
      {
        backup: [
          {
            frequency: "Daily",
            time: "15:00",
          },
        ],
        policy_type: "Full",
        retention_daily: [
          {
            count: 8,
          },
        ],
      },
      {
        backup: [
          {
            frequency_in_minutes: 15,
          },
        ],
        policy_type: "Log",
        simple_retention: [
          {
            count: 8,
          },
        ],
      },
    ],
    recovery_vault_name: azurermRecoveryServicesVaultExample.name,
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    settings: [
      {
        compression_enabled: false,
        time_zone: "UTC",
      },
    ],
    workload_type: "SQLDataBase",
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermBackupPolicyVmWorkloadExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the VM Workload Backup Policy. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which to create the VM Workload Backup Policy. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `recoveryVaultName` - (Required) The name of the Recovery Services Vault to use. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `protectionPolicy` - (Required) One or more `protectionPolicy` blocks as defined below.

*   `settings` - (Required) A `settings` block as defined below.

*   `workloadType` - (Required) The VM Workload type for the Backup Policy. Possible values are `sqlDataBase` and `sapHanaDatabase`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

***

The `protectionPolicy` block supports the following:

*   `policyType` - (Required) The type of the VM Workload Backup Policy. Possible values are `differential`, `full`, `incremental` and `log`.

*   `backup` - (Required) A `backup` block as defined below.

*   `retentionDaily` - (Optional) A `retentionDaily` block as defined below.

*   `retentionWeekly` - (Optional) A `retentionWeekly` block as defined below.

*   `retentionMonthly` - (Optional) A `retentionMonthly` block as defined below.

*   `retentionYearly` - (Optional) A `retentionYearly` block as defined below.

*   `simpleRetention` - (Optional) A `simpleRetention` block as defined below.

***

The `simpleRetention` block supports the following:

* `count` - (Required) The count that is used to count retention duration with duration type `days`. Possible values are between `7` and `35`.

***

The `settings` block supports the following:

*   `timeZone` - (Required) The timezone for the VM Workload Backup Policy. [The possible values are defined here](https://jackstromberg.com/2017/01/list-of-time-zones-consumed-by-azure/).

*   `compressionEnabled` - (Optional) The compression setting for the VM Workload Backup Policy. Defaults to `false`.

***

The `backup` block supports the following:

*   `frequency` - (Optional) The backup frequency for the VM Workload Backup Policy. Possible values are `daily` and `weekly`.

*   `frequencyInMinutes` - (Optional) The backup frequency in minutes for the VM Workload Backup Policy. Possible values are `15`, `30`, `60`, `120`, `240`, `480`, `720` and `1440`.

*   `time` - (Optional) The time of day to perform the backup in 24hour format.

*   `weekdays` - (Optional) The days of the week to perform backups on. Possible values are `sunday`, `monday`, `tuesday`, `wednesday`, `thursday`, `friday` or `saturday`. This is used when `frequency` is `weekly`.

***

The `retentionDaily` block supports the following:

* `count` - (Required) The number of daily backups to keep. Possible values are between `7` and `9999`.

***

The `retentionWeekly` block supports the following:

*   `count` - (Required) The number of weekly backups to keep. Possible values are between `1` and `5163`.

*   `weekdays` - (Required) The weekday backups to retain. Possible values are `sunday`, `monday`, `tuesday`, `wednesday`, `thursday`, `friday` or `saturday`.

***

The `retentionMonthly` block supports the following:

*   `count` - (Required) The number of monthly backups to keep. Must be between `1` and `1188`.

*   `formatType` - (Required) The retention schedule format type for monthly retention policy. Possible values are `daily` and `weekly`.

*   `monthdays` - (Optional) The monthday backups to retain. Possible values are between `0` and `28`.

*   `weekdays` - (Optional) The weekday backups to retain. Possible values are `sunday`, `monday`, `tuesday`, `wednesday`, `thursday`, `friday` or `saturday`.

*   `weeks` - (Optional) The weeks of the month to retain backups of. Possible values are `first`, `second`, `third`, `fourth` and `last`.

***

The `retentionYearly` block supports the following:

*   `count` - (Required) The number of yearly backups to keep. Possible values are between `1` and `99`

*   `formatType` - (Required) The retention schedule format type for yearly retention policy. Possible values are `daily` and `weekly`.

*   `months` - (Required) The months of the year to retain backups of. Possible values are `january`, `february`, `march`, `april`, `may`, `june`, `july`, `august`, `september`, `october`, `november` and `december`.

*   `monthdays` - (Optional) The monthday backups to retain. Possible values are between `0` and `28`.

*   `weekdays` - (Optional) The weekday backups to retain. Possible values are `sunday`, `monday`, `tuesday`, `wednesday`, `thursday`, `friday` or `saturday`.

*   `weeks` - (Optional) The weeks of the month to retain backups of. Possible values are `first`, `second`, `third`, `fourth`, `last`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Azure VM Workload Backup Policy.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the VM Workload Backup Policy.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the VM Workload Backup Policy.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the VM Workload Backup Policy.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the VM Workload Backup Policy.

## Import

Azure VM Workload Backup Policies can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_backup_policy_vm_workload.policy1 /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.RecoveryServices/vaults/vault1/backupPolicies/policy1
```
