---
subcategory: "Container Apps"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_container_app"
description: |-
  Manages a Container App.
---

# azurerm\_container\_app

Manages a Container App.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermLogAnalyticsWorkspaceExample =
  new azurerm.logAnalyticsWorkspace.LogAnalyticsWorkspace(this, "example_1", {
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "acctest-01",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    retention_in_days: 30,
    sku: "PerGB2018",
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermLogAnalyticsWorkspaceExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermContainerAppEnvironmentExample =
  new azurerm.containerAppEnvironment.ContainerAppEnvironment(
    this,
    "example_2",
    {
      location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
      log_analytics_workspace_id: azurermLogAnalyticsWorkspaceExample.id,
      name: "Example-Environment",
      resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermContainerAppEnvironmentExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermContainerAppExample = new azurerm.containerApp.ContainerApp(
  this,
  "example_3",
  {
    container_app_environment_id: azurermContainerAppEnvironmentExample.id,
    name: "example-app",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    revision_mode: "Single",
    template: [
      {
        container: [
          {
            cpu: 0.25,
            image:
              "mcr.microsoft.com/azuredocs/containerapps-helloworld:latest",
            memory: "0.5Gi",
            name: "examplecontainerapp",
          },
        ],
      },
    ],
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermContainerAppExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `containerAppEnvironmentId` - (Required) The ID of the Container App Environment within which this Container App should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `name` - (Required) The name for this Container App. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which the Container App Environment is to be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `revisionMode` - (Required) The revisions operational mode for the Container App. Possible values include `single` and `multiple`. In `single` mode, a single revision is in operation at any given time. In `multiple` mode, more than one revision can be active at a time and can be configured with load distribution via the `trafficWeight` block in the `ingress` configuration.

*   `template` - (Required) A `template` block as detailed below.

***

*   `dapr` - (Optional) A `dapr` block as detailed below.

*   `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as detailed below.

*   `ingress` - (Optional) An `ingress` block as detailed below.

*   `registry` - (Optional) A `registry` block as detailed below.

*   `secret` - (Optional) One or more `secret` block as detailed below.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the Container App.

***

A `secret` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) The Secret name.

*   `value` - (Required) The value for this secret.

!> **Note:** Secrets cannot be removed from the service once added, attempting to do so will result in an error. Their values may be zeroed, i.e. set to `""`, but the named secret must persist. This is due to a technical limitation on the service which causes the service to become unmanageable. See [this issue](https://github.com/microsoft/azure-container-apps/issues/395) for more details.

***

A `template` block supports the following:

*   `container` - (Required) One or more `container` blocks as detailed below.

*   `maxReplicas` - (Optional) The maximum number of replicas for this container.

*   `minReplicas` - (Optional) The minimum number of replicas for this container.

*   `revisionSuffix` - (Optional) The suffix for the revision. This value must be unique for the lifetime of the Resource. If omitted the service will use a hash function to create one.

*   `volume` - (Optional) A `volume` block as detailed below.

***

A `volume` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the volume.

*   `storageName` - (Optional) The name of the `azureFile` storage.

*   `storageType` - (Optional) The type of storage volume. Possible values include `azureFile` and `emptyDir`. Defaults to `emptyDir`.

***

A `container` block supports the following:

*   `args` - (Optional) A list of extra arguments to pass to the container.

*   `command` - (Optional) A command to pass to the container to override the default. This is provided as a list of command line elements without spaces.

*   `cpu` - (Required) The amount of vCPU to allocate to the container. Possible values include `025`, `05`, `075`, `10`, `125`, `15`, `175`, and `20`.

\~> **NOTE:** `cpu` and `memory` must be specified in `025'/'05Gi` combination increments. e.g. `10` / `20` or `05` / `10`

*   `env` - (Optional) One or more `env` blocks as detailed below.

*   `ephemeralStorage` - The amount of ephemeral storage available to the Container App.

\~> **NOTE:** `ephemeralStorage` is currently in preview and not configurable at this time.

*   `image` - (Required) The image to use to create the container.

*   `livenessProbe` - (Optional) A `livenessProbe` block as detailed below.

*   `memory` - (Required) The amount of memory to allocate to the container. Possible values include `05Gi`, `10Gi`, `15Gi`, `20Gi`, `25Gi`, `30Gi`, `35Gi`, and `40Gi`.

\~> **NOTE:** `cpu` and `memory` must be specified in `025'/'05Gi` combination increments. e.g. `125` / `25Gi` or `075` / `15Gi`

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the container

*   `readinessProbe` - (Optional) A `readinessProbe` block as detailed below.

*   `startupProbe` - (Optional) A `startupProbe` block as detailed below.

*   `volumeMounts` - (Optional) A `volumeMounts` block as detailed below.

***

A `livenessProbe` block supports the following:

*   `failureCountThreshold` - (Optional) The number of consecutive failures required to consider this probe as failed. Possible values are between `1` and `10`. Defaults to `3`.

*   `header` - (Optional) A `header` block as detailed below.

*   `host` - (Optional) The probe hostname. Defaults to the pod IP address. Setting a value for `host` in `headers` can be used to override this for `http` and `https` type probes.

*   `initialDelay` - (Optional) The time in seconds to wait after the container has started before the probe is started.

*   `intervalSeconds` - (Optional) (Optional) How often, in seconds, the probe should run. Possible values are in the range `1` - `240`. Defaults to `10`.

*   `path` - (Optional) The URI to use with the `host` for http type probes. Not valid for `tcp` type probes. Defaults to `/`.

*   `port` - (Required) The port number on which to connect. Possible values are between `1` and `65535`.

*   `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` -  The time in seconds after the container is sent the termination signal before the process if forcibly killed.

*   `timeout` - (Optional) Time in seconds after which the probe times out. Possible values are in the range `1` - `240`. Defaults to `1`.

*   `transport` - (Required) Type of probe. Possible values are `tcp`, `http`, and `https`.

***

A `header` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) The HTTP Header Name.

*   `value` - (Required) The HTTP Header value.

***

An `env` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the environment variable for the container.

*   `secretName` - (Optional) The name of the secret that contains the value for this environment variable.

*   `value` - (Optional) The value for this environment variable.

\~> **NOTE:** This value is ignored if `secretName` is used

***

A `readinessProbe` block supports the following:

*   `failureCountThreshold` - (Optional) The number of consecutive failures required to consider this probe as failed. Possible values are between `1` and `10`. Defaults to `3`.

*   `header` - (Optional) A `header` block as detailed below.

*   `host` - (Optional) The probe hostname. Defaults to the pod IP address. Setting a value for `host` in `headers` can be used to override this for `http` and `https` type probes.

*   `intervalSeconds` - (Optional) How often, in seconds, the probe should run. Possible values are between `1` and `240`. Defaults to `10`

*   `path` - (Optional) The URI to use for http type probes. Not valid for `tcp` type probes. Defaults to `/`.

*   `port` - (Required) The port number on which to connect. Possible values are between `1` and `65535`.

*   `successCountThreshold` - (Optional) The number of consecutive successful responses required to consider this probe as successful. Possible values are between `1` and `10`. Defaults to `3`.

*   `timeout` - (Optional) Time in seconds after which the probe times out. Possible values are in the range `1` - `240`. Defaults to `1`.

*   `transport` - (Required) Type of probe. Possible values are `tcp`, `http`, and `https`.

***

A `header` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) The HTTP Header Name.

*   `value` - (Required) The HTTP Header value.

***

A `startupProbe` block supports the following:

*   `failureCountThreshold` - (Optional) The number of consecutive failures required to consider this probe as failed. Possible values are between `1` and `10`. Defaults to `3`.

*   `header` - (Optional) A `header` block as detailed below.

*   `host` - (Optional) The value for the host header which should be sent with this probe. If unspecified, the IP Address of the Pod is used as the host header. Setting a value for `host` in `headers` can be used to override this for `http` and `https` type probes.

*   `intervalSeconds` - (Optional) How often, in seconds, the probe should run. Possible values are between `1` and `240`. Defaults to `10`

*   `path` - (Optional) The URI to use with the `host` for http type probes. Not valid for `tcp` type probes. Defaults to `/`.

*   `port` - (Required) The port number on which to connect. Possible values are between `1` and `65535`.

*   `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` -  The time in seconds after the container is sent the termination signal before the process if forcibly killed.

*   `timeout` - (Optional) Time in seconds after which the probe times out. Possible values are in the range `1` - `240`. Defaults to `1`.

*   `transport` - (Required) Type of probe. Possible values are `tcp`, `http`, and `https`.

***

A `header` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) The HTTP Header Name.

*   `value` - (Required) The HTTP Header value.

***

A `volumeMounts` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the Volume to be mounted in the container.

*   `path` - (Required) The path in the container at which to mount this volume.

***

An `identity` block supports the following:

*   `type` - (Required) The type of managed identity to assign. Possible values are `userAssigned` and `systemAssigned`

*   `identityIds` - (Optional) - A list of one or more Resource IDs for User Assigned Managed identities to assign. Required when `type` is set to `userAssigned`.

***

An `ingress` block supports the following:

*   `allowInsecureConnections` - (Optional) Should this ingress allow insecure connections?

*   `customDomain` -  (Optional) One or more `customDomain` block as detailed below.

*   `fqdn` -  The FQDN of the ingress.

*   `externalEnabled` - (Optional) Is this an external Ingress.

*   `targetPort` - (Required) The target port on the container for the Ingress traffic.

*   `trafficWeight` - (Required) A `trafficWeight` block as detailed below.

\~> **Note:** `trafficWeight` can only be specified when `revisionMode` is set to `multiple`.

* `transport` - (Optional) The transport method for the Ingress. Possible values include `auto`, `http`, and `http2`. Defaults to `auto`

***

A `customDomain` block supports the following:

*   `certificateBindingType` - (Optional) The Binding type. Possible values include `disabled` and `sniEnabled`. Defaults to `disabled`.

*   `certificateId` - (Required) The ID of the Container App Environment Certificate.

*   `name` - (Required) The hostname of the Certificate. Must be the CN or a named SAN in the certificate.

***

A `trafficWeight` block supports the following:

\~> **Note:** This block only applies when `revisionMode` is set to `multiple`.

*   `label` - (Optional) The label to apply to the revision as a name prefix for routing traffic.

*   `latestRevision` - (Optional) This traffic Weight relates to the latest stable Container Revision.

*   `revisionSuffix` - (Optional) The suffix string to which this `trafficWeight` applies.

*   `percentage` - (Required) The percentage of traffic which should be sent this revision.

\~> **Note:** The cumulative values for `weight` must equal 100 exactly and explicitly, no default weights are assumed.

***

A `dapr` block supports the following:

*   `appId` - (Required) The Dapr Application Identifier.

*   `appPort` - (Required) The port which the application is listening on. This is the same as the `ingress` port.

*   `appProtocol` - (Optional) The protocol for the app. Possible values include `http` and `grpc`. Defaults to `http`.

***

A `registry` block supports the following:

* `server` - (Required) The hostname for the Container Registry.

The authentication details must also be supplied, `identity` and `username`/`passwordSecretName` are mutually exclusive.

*   `identity` - (Optional) Resource ID for the User Assigned Managed identity to use when pulling from the Container Registry.

*   `passwordSecretName` - (Optional) The name of the Secret Reference containing the password value for this user on the Container Registry, `username` must also be supplied.

*   `username` - (Optional) The username to use for this Container Registry, `passwordSecretName` must also be supplied..

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Container App.

*   `customDomainVerificationId` - The ID of the Custom Domain Verification for this Container App.

*   `latestRevisionFqdn` - The FQDN of the Latest Revision of the Container App.

*   `latestRevisionName` - The name of the latest Container Revision.

*   `location` - The location this Container App is deployed in. This is the same as the Environment in which it is deployed.

*   `outboundIpAddresses` - A list of the Public IP Addresses which the Container App uses for outbound network access.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Container App.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Container App.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Container App.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Container App.

## Import

A Container App can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_container_app.example "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/resGroup1/providers/Microsoft.App/containerApps/myContainerApp"
```
