---
subcategory: "Container Apps"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_container_app_environment"
description: |-
  Manages a Container App Environment.
---

# azurerm\_container\_app\_environment

Manages a Container App Environment.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermLogAnalyticsWorkspaceExample =
  new azurerm.logAnalyticsWorkspace.LogAnalyticsWorkspace(this, "example_1", {
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "acctest-01",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    retention_in_days: 30,
    sku: "PerGB2018",
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermLogAnalyticsWorkspaceExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermContainerAppEnvironmentExample =
  new azurerm.containerAppEnvironment.ContainerAppEnvironment(
    this,
    "example_2",
    {
      location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
      log_analytics_workspace_id: azurermLogAnalyticsWorkspaceExample.id,
      name: "my-environment",
      resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermContainerAppEnvironmentExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the Container Apps Managed Environment. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which the Container App Environment is to be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the Container App Environment is to exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `logAnalyticsWorkspaceId` - (Required) The ID for the Log Analytics Workspace to link this Container Apps Managed Environment to. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

***

* `infrastructureSubnetId` - (Optional) The existing Subnet to use for the Container Apps Control Plane. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

\~> **NOTE:** The Subnet must have a `/21` or larger address space.

* `internalLoadBalancerEnabled` - (Optional) Should the Container Environment operate in Internal Load Balancing Mode? Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

\~> **Note:** can only be set to `true` if `infrastructureSubnetId` is specified.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Container App Environment

*   `defaultDomain` - The default, publicly resolvable, name of this Container App Environment.

\~> **NOTE:** This value is generated by the service to be globally unique.

* `dockerBridgeCidr` - The network addressing in which the Container Apps in this Container App Environment will reside in CIDR notation.

\~> **NOTE:** This property only has a value when `infrastructureSubnetId` is configured and will be a range within the CIDR of the Subnet.

* `platformReservedCidr` - The IP range, in CIDR notation, that is reserved for environment infrastructure IP addresses.

\~> **NOTE:** This property only has a value when `infrastructureSubnetId` is configured and will be a range within the CIDR of the Subnet.

* `platformReservedDnsIpAddress` - The IP address from the IP range defined by `platformReservedCidr` that is reserved for the internal DNS server.

\~> **NOTE:** This property only has a value when `infrastructureSubnetId` is configured and will be a value within the CIDR of the Subnet.

* `staticIpAddress` - The Static IP of the Environment.

\~> **NOTE:** This will be a Public IP unless `internalLoadBalancerEnabled` is set to `true`, in which case an IP in the Internal Subnet will be reserved.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Container App Environment.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Container App Environment.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Container App Environment.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Container App Environment.

## Import

A Container App Environment can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_container_app_environment.example "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/resGroup1/providers/Microsoft.App/managedEnvironments/myEnvironment"
```
