---
subcategory: "Data Share"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_data_share_account"
description: |-
  Manages a Data Share Account.
---

# azurerm\_data\_share\_account

Manages a Data Share Account.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.provider.AzurermProvider(this, "azurerm", {
  features: [{}],
});
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermDataShareAccountExample =
  new azurerm.dataShareAccount.DataShareAccount(this, "example_2", {
    identity: [
      {
        type: "SystemAssigned",
      },
    ],
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "example-dsa",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    tags: {
      foo: "bar",
    },
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermDataShareAccountExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Data Share Account. Changing this forces a new Data Share Account to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Data Share Account should exist. Changing this forces a new Data Share Account to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Data Share Account should exist. Changing this forces a new Data Share Account to be created.

*   `identity` - (Required) An `identity` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

***

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Data Share Account.

***

An `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this Data Share Account. The only possible value is `systemAssigned`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

\~> **NOTE:** The assigned `principalId` and `tenantId` can be retrieved after the identity `type` has been set to `systemAssigned` and the Data Share Account has been created. More details are available below.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Data Share Account.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID for the Service Principal associated with the Identity of this Data Share Account.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID for the Service Principal associated with the Identity of this Data Share Account.

\-> You can access the Principal ID via `${azurermDataShareAccountExampleIdentity0PrincipalId}` and the Tenant ID via `${azurermDataShareAccountExampleIdentity0TenantId}`

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Data Share Account.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Data Share Account.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Data Share Account.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Data Share Account.

## Import

Data Share Accounts can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_data_share_account.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.DataShare/accounts/account1
```
