---
subcategory: "DataProtection"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_data_protection_backup_vault"
description: |-
  Manages a Backup Vault.
---

# azurerm\_data\_protection\_backup\_vault

Manages a Backup Vault.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermDataProtectionBackupVaultExample =
  new azurerm.dataProtectionBackupVault.DataProtectionBackupVault(
    this,
    "example_1",
    {
      datastore_type: "VaultStore",
      location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
      name: "example-backup-vault",
      redundancy: "LocallyRedundant",
      resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermDataProtectionBackupVaultExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Backup Vault. Changing this forces a new Backup Vault to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Backup Vault should exist. Changing this forces a new Backup Vault to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Backup Vault should exist. Changing this forces a new Backup Vault to be created.

*   `datastoreType` - (Required) Specifies the type of the data store. Possible values are `archiveStore`, `snapshotStore` and `vaultStore`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `redundancy` - (Required) Specifies the backup storage redundancy. Possible values are `geoRedundant` and `locallyRedundant`. Changing this forces a new Backup Vault to be created.

***

*   `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Backup Vault.

***

An `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this Backup Vault. The only possible value is `systemAssigned`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Backup Vault.

*   `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below, which contains the Identity information for this Backup Vault.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID for the Service Principal associated with the Identity of this Backup Vault.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID for the Service Principal associated with the Identity of this Backup Vault.

\-> You can access the Principal ID via `${azurermDataProtectionBackupVaultExampleIdentity0PrincipalId}` and the Tenant ID via `${azurermDataProtectionBackupVaultExampleIdentity0TenantId}`

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Backup Vault.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Backup Vault.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Backup Vault.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Backup Vault.

## Import

Backup Vaults can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_data_protection_backup_vault.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.DataProtection/backupVaults/vault1
```
