---
subcategory: "Data Factory"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_data_factory_integration_runtime_managed"
description: |-
  Manages an Azure Data Factory Managed Integration Runtime.
---

# azurerm\_data\_factory\_integration\_runtime\_managed

Manages an Azure Data Factory Managed Integration Runtime.

\~> **NOTE:** The `azurermDataFactoryIntegrationRuntimeManaged` resource has been superseded by the [`azurermDataFactoryIntegrationRuntimeAzureSsis`](data_factory_integration_runtime_azure_ssis.html) resource. The existing `azurermDataFactoryIntegrationRuntimeManaged` resource will be deprecated (but still available) in version 3.0 of the AzureRM Terraform Provider - we recommend using the [`azurermDataFactoryIntegrationRuntimeAzureSsis`](data_factory_integration_runtime_azure_ssis.html) resource for new deployments.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermDataFactoryExample = new azurerm.dataFactory.DataFactory(
  this,
  "example_1",
  {
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "example",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermDataFactoryExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermDataFactoryIntegrationRuntimeManagedExample =
  new azurerm.dataFactoryIntegrationRuntimeManaged.DataFactoryIntegrationRuntimeManaged(
    this,
    "example_2",
    {
      data_factory_id: azurermDataFactoryExample.id,
      location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
      name: "example",
      node_size: "Standard_D8_v3",
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermDataFactoryIntegrationRuntimeManagedExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Managed Integration Runtime. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Must be globally unique. See the [Microsoft documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/naming-rules) for all restrictions.

*   `dataFactoryId` - (Required) The Data Factory ID in which to associate the Linked Service with. Changing this forces a new resource.

*   `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `nodeSize` - (Required) The size of the nodes on which the Managed Integration Runtime runs. Valid values are: `standardD2V3`, `standardD4V3`, `standardD8V3`, `standardD16V3`, `standardD32V3`, `standardD64V3`, `standardE2V3`, `standardE4V3`, `standardE8V3`, `standardE16V3`, `standardE32V3`, `standardE64V3`, `standardD1V2`, `standardD2V2`, `standardD3V2`, `standardD4V2`, `standardA4V2` and `standardA8V2`

*   `numberOfNodes` - (Optional) Number of nodes for the Managed Integration Runtime. Max is `10`. Defaults to `1`.

*   `maxParallelExecutionsPerNode` - (Optional) Defines the maximum parallel executions per node. Defaults to `1`. Max is `16`.

*   `edition` - (Optional) The Managed Integration Runtime edition. Valid values are `standard` and `enterprise`. Defaults to `standard`.

*   `licenseType` - (Optional) The type of the license that is used. Valid values are `licenseIncluded` and `basePrice`. Defaults to `licenseIncluded`.

*   `catalogInfo` - (Optional) A `catalogInfo` block as defined below.

*   `customSetupScript` - (Optional) A `customSetupScript` block as defined below.

*   `vnetIntegration` - (Optional) A `vnetIntegration` block as defined below.

*   `description` - (Optional) Integration runtime description.

***

A `catalogInfo` block supports the following:

*   `serverEndpoint` - (Required) The endpoint of an Azure SQL Server that will be used to host the SSIS catalog.

*   `administratorLogin` - (Optional) Administrator login name for the SQL Server.

*   `administratorPassword` - (Optional) Administrator login password for the SQL Server.

*   `pricingTier` - (Optional) Pricing tier for the database that will be created for the SSIS catalog. Valid values are: `basic`, `standard`, `premium` and `premiumRs`.

***

A `customSetupScript` block supports the following:

*   `blobContainerUri` - (Required) The blob endpoint for the container which contains a custom setup script that will be run on every node on startup. See <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/how-to-configure-azure-ssis-ir-custom-setup> for more information.

*   `sasToken` - (Required) A container SAS token that gives access to the files. See <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/how-to-configure-azure-ssis-ir-custom-setup> for more information.

***

A `vnetIntegration` block supports the following:

*   `vnetId` - (Required) ID of the virtual network to which the nodes of the Managed Integration Runtime will be added.

*   `subnetName` - (Required) Name of the subnet to which the nodes of the Managed Integration Runtime will be added.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Data Factory Integration Managed Runtime.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Data Factory Integration Managed Runtime.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Data Factory Integration Managed Runtime.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Data Factory Integration Managed Runtime.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Data Factory Integration Managed Runtime.

## Import

Data Factory Integration Managed Runtimes can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_data_factory_integration_runtime_managed.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/example/providers/Microsoft.DataFactory/factories/example/integrationruntimes/example
```
