---
subcategory: "Elastic"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_elastic_cloud_elasticsearch"
description: |-
  Manages an Elasticsearch cluster in Elastic Cloud.
---

# azurerm\_elastic\_cloud\_elasticsearch

Manages an Elasticsearch in Elastic Cloud.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupTest = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "test",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermElasticCloudElasticsearchTest =
  new azurerm.elasticCloudElasticsearch.ElasticCloudElasticsearch(
    this,
    "test_1",
    {
      elastic_cloud_email_address: "user@example.com",
      location: azurermResourceGroupTest.location,
      name: "example-elasticsearch",
      resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupTest.name,
      sku_name: "ess-monthly-consumption_Monthly",
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermElasticCloudElasticsearchTest.overrideLogicalId("test");

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `elasticCloudEmailAddress` - (Required) Specifies the Email Address which should be associated with this Elasticsearch account. Changing this forces a new Elasticsearch to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Elasticsearch resource should exist. Changing this forces a new Elasticsearch to be created.

*   `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Elasticsearch resource. Changing this forces a new Elasticsearch to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Elasticsearch resource should exist. Changing this forces a new Elasticsearch to be created.

*   `skuName` - (Required) Specifies the name of the SKU for this Elasticsearch. Changing this forces a new Elasticsearch to be created.

***

*   `logs` - (Optional) A `logs` block as defined below.

*   `monitoringEnabled` - (Optional) Specifies if the Elasticsearch should have monitoring configured? Defaults to `true`. Changing this forces a new Elasticsearch to be created.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Elasticsearch resource.

***

The `filteringTag` block supports the following:

*   `action` - (Required) Specifies the type of action which should be taken when the Tag matches the `name` and `value`. Possible values are `exclude` and `include`.

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name (key) of the Tag which should be filtered.

*   `value` - (Required) Specifies the value of the Tag which should be filtered.

***

The `logs` block supports the following:

*   `filteringTag` - (Optional) A list of `filteringTag` blocks as defined above.

*   `sendActivityLogs` - (Optional) Specifies if the Azure Activity Logs should be sent to the Elasticsearch cluster. Defaults to `false`.

*   `sendAzureadLogs` - (Optional) Specifies if the AzureAD Logs should be sent to the Elasticsearch cluster. Defaults to `false`.

*   `sendSubscriptionLogs` - (Optional) Specifies if the Azure Subscription Logs should be sent to the Elasticsearch cluster. Defaults to `false`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Elasticsearch.

*   `elasticCloudDeploymentId` - The ID of the Deployment within Elastic Cloud.

*   `elasticCloudSsoDefaultUrl` - The Default URL used for Single Sign On (SSO) to Elastic Cloud.

*   `elasticCloudUserId` - The ID of the User Account within Elastic Cloud.

*   `elasticsearchServiceUrl` - The URL to the Elasticsearch Service associated with this Elasticsearch.

*   `kibanaServiceUrl` - The URL to the Kibana Dashboard associated with this Elasticsearch.

*   `kibanaSsoUri` - The URI used for SSO to the Kibana Dashboard associated with this Elasticsearch.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 60 minutes) Used when creating the Elasticsearch.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Elasticsearch.
* `update` - (Defaults to 60 minutes) Used when updating the Elasticsearch.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 60 minutes) Used when deleting the Elasticsearch.

## Import

Elasticsearch's can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_elastic_cloud_elasticsearch.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.Elastic/monitors/monitor1
```
