---
subcategory: "Fluid Relay"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_fluid_relay_server"
description: |-
  Manages a Fluid Relay Server.
---

# azurerm\_fluid\_relay\_server

Manages a Fluid Relay Server.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.provider.AzurermProvider(this, "azurerm", {
  features: [{}],
});
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermFluidRelayServerExample =
  new azurerm.fluidRelayServer.FluidRelayServer(this, "example_2", {
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "example",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermFluidRelayServerExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Fluid Relay Server should exist. Changing this forces a new Fluid Relay Server to be created.

*   `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Fluid Relay Server. Changing this forces a new Fluid Relay Server to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Fluid Relay Server should exist. Changing this forces a new Fluid Relay Server to be created.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Fluid Relay Server.

*   `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

*   `storageSku` - (Optional) Sku of the storage associated with the resource, Possible values are `standard` and `basic`. Changing this forces a new Fluid Relay Server to be created.

***

An `identity` block supports the following:

*   `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this Fluid Relay Service. Possible values are `systemAssigned`,`userAssigned` and `systemAssigned,UserAssigned`.

*   `identityIds` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this Fluid Relay Service.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Fluid Relay Server.

*   `frsTenantId` - The Fluid tenantId for this server.

*   `primaryKey` - The primary key for this server.

*   `secondaryKey` - The secondary key for this server.

*   `ordererEndpoints` - An array of the Fluid Relay Orderer endpoints. This will be deprecated in future version of fluid relay server and will always be empty, [more details](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-fluid-relay/concepts/version-compatibility).

*   `storageEndpoints` - An array of storage endpoints for this Fluid Relay Server. This will be deprecated in future version of fluid relay server and will always be empty, [more details](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-fluid-relay/concepts/version-compatibility).

*   `serviceEndpoints` - An array of service endpoints for this Fluid Relay Server.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID for the Service Principal associated with the Identity of this Fluid Relay Server.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID for the Service Principal associated with the Identity of this Fluid Relay Server.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Fluid Relay Server.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Fluid Relay Server.
* `update` - (Defaults to 10 minutes) Used when updating the Fluid Relay Server.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 10 minutes) Used when deleting the Fluid Relay Server.

## Import

Fluid Relay Servers can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_fluid_relay_server.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/rg1/providers/Microsoft.FluidRelay/fluidRelayServers/server1
```
