---
subcategory: "IoT Hub"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_iothub"
description: |-
  Manages an IotHub
---

# azurerm\_iothub

Manages an IotHub

\~> **NOTE:** Endpoints can be defined either directly on the `azurermIothub` resource, or using the `azurermIothubEndpoint_*` resources - but the two ways of defining the endpoints cannot be used together. If both are used against the same IoTHub, spurious changes will occur. Also, defining a `azurermIothubEndpoint_*` resource and another endpoint of a different type directly on the `azurermIothub` resource is not supported.

\~> **NOTE:** Routes can be defined either directly on the `azurermIothub` resource, or using the `azurermIothubRoute` resource - but the two cannot be used together. If both are used against the same IoTHub, spurious changes will occur.

\~> **NOTE:** Enrichments can be defined either directly on the `azurermIothub` resource, or using the `azurermIothubEnrichment` resource - but the two cannot be used together. If both are used against the same IoTHub, spurious changes will occur.

\~> **NOTE:** Fallback route can be defined either directly on the `azurermIothub` resource, or using the `azurermIothubFallbackRoute` resource - but the two cannot be used together. If both are used against the same IoTHub, spurious changes will occur.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermStorageAccountExample = new azurerm.storageAccount.StorageAccount(
  this,
  "example_1",
  {
    account_replication_type: "LRS",
    account_tier: "Standard",
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "examplestorage",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermStorageAccountExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermStorageContainerExample =
  new azurerm.storageContainer.StorageContainer(this, "example_2", {
    container_access_type: "private",
    name: "examplecontainer",
    storage_account_name: azurermStorageAccountExample.name,
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermStorageContainerExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermEventhubNamespaceExample =
  new azurerm.eventhubNamespace.EventhubNamespace(this, "example_3", {
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "example-namespace",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    sku: "Basic",
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermEventhubNamespaceExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermEventhubExample = new azurerm.eventhub.Eventhub(
  this,
  "example_4",
  {
    message_retention: 1,
    name: "example-eventhub",
    namespace_name: azurermEventhubNamespaceExample.name,
    partition_count: 2,
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermEventhubExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermEventhubAuthorizationRuleExample =
  new azurerm.eventhubAuthorizationRule.EventhubAuthorizationRule(
    this,
    "example_5",
    {
      eventhub_name: azurermEventhubExample.name,
      name: "acctest",
      namespace_name: azurermEventhubNamespaceExample.name,
      resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
      send: true,
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermEventhubAuthorizationRuleExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermIothubExample = new azurerm.iothub.Iothub(this, "example_6", {
  cloud_to_device: [
    {
      default_ttl: "PT1H",
      feedback: [
        {
          lock_duration: "PT30S",
          max_delivery_count: 15,
          time_to_live: "PT1H10M",
        },
      ],
      max_delivery_count: 30,
    },
  ],
  endpoint: [
    {
      batch_frequency_in_seconds: 60,
      connection_string:
        azurermStorageAccountExample.primaryBlobConnectionString,
      container_name: azurermStorageContainerExample.name,
      encoding: "Avro",
      file_name_format: "{iothub}/{partition}_{YYYY}_{MM}_{DD}_{HH}_{mm}",
      max_chunk_size_in_bytes: 10485760,
      name: "export",
      type: "AzureIotHub.StorageContainer",
    },
    {
      connection_string:
        azurermEventhubAuthorizationRuleExample.primaryConnectionString,
      name: "export2",
      type: "AzureIotHub.EventHub",
    },
  ],
  enrichment: [
    {
      endpoint_names: ["export", "export2"],
      key: "tenant",
      value: "$twin.tags.Tenant",
    },
  ],
  location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
  name: "Example-IoTHub",
  resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
  route: [
    {
      condition: "true",
      enabled: true,
      endpoint_names: ["export"],
      name: "export",
      source: "DeviceMessages",
    },
    {
      condition: "true",
      enabled: true,
      endpoint_names: ["export2"],
      name: "export2",
      source: "DeviceMessages",
    },
  ],
  sku: [
    {
      capacity: "1",
      name: "S1",
    },
  ],
  tags: {
    purpose: "testing",
  },
});
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermIothubExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the IotHub resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group under which the IotHub resource has to be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource has to be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `sku` - (Required) A `sku` block as defined below.

*   `eventHubPartitionCount` - (Optional) The number of device-to-cloud partitions used by backing event hubs. Must be between `2` and `128`.

*   `eventHubRetentionInDays` - (Optional) The event hub retention to use in days. Must be between `1` and `7`.

*   `endpoint` - (Optional) An `endpoint` block as defined below.

*   `fallbackRoute` - (Optional) A `fallbackRoute` block as defined below. If the fallback route is enabled, messages that don't match any of the supplied routes are automatically sent to this route. Defaults to messages/events.

\~> **NOTE:** If `fallbackRoute` isn't explicitly specified, the fallback route wouldn't be enabled by default.

*   `fileUpload` - (Optional) A `fileUpload` block as defined below.

*   `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

*   `networkRuleSet` - (Optional) A `networkRuleSet` block as defined below.

*   `route` - (Optional) A `route` block as defined below.

*   `enrichment` - (Optional) A `enrichment` block as defined below.

*   `cloudToDevice` - (Optional) A `cloudToDevice` block as defined below.

*   `publicNetworkAccessEnabled` - (Optional) Is the IotHub resource accessible from a public network?

*   `minTlsVersion` - (Optional) Specifies the minimum TLS version to support for this hub. The only valid value is `12`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

***

A `sku` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the sku. Possible values are `b1`, `b2`, `b3`, `f1`, `s1`, `s2`, and `s3`.

*   `capacity` - (Required) The number of provisioned IoT Hub units.

\~> **NOTE:** Only one IotHub can be on the `free` tier per subscription.

***

An `endpoint` block supports the following:

*   `type` - (Required) The type of the endpoint. Possible values are `azureIotHubStorageContainer`, `azureIotHubServiceBusQueue`, `azureIotHubServiceBusTopic` or `azureIotHubEventHub`.

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the endpoint. The name must be unique across endpoint types. The following names are reserved: `events`, `operationsMonitoringEvents`, `fileNotifications` and `$default`.

*   `authenticationType` - (Optional) The type used to authenticate against the endpoint. Possible values are `keyBased` and `identityBased`. Defaults to `keyBased`.

*   `identityId` - (Optional) The ID of the User Managed Identity used to authenticate against the endpoint.

\-> **NOTE:** `identityId` can only be specified when `authenticationType` is `identityBased`. It must be one of the `identityIds` of the IoT Hub. If `identityId` is omitted when `authenticationType` is `identityBased`, then the System-Assigned Managed Identity of the IoT Hub will be used.

\~> **NOTE:** An IoT Hub can only be updated to use the System-Assigned Managed Identity for `endpoint` since it is not possible to grant access to the endpoint until after creation. The extracted resources `azurermIothubEndpoint_*` can be used to configure Endpoints with the IoT Hub's System-Assigned Managed Identity without the need for an update.

*   `endpointUri` - (Optional) URI of the Service Bus or Event Hubs Namespace endpoint. This attribute can only be specified and is mandatory when `authenticationType` is `identityBased` for endpoint type `azureIotHubServiceBusQueue`, `azureIotHubServiceBusTopic` or `azureIotHubEventHub`.

*   `entityPath` - (Optional) Name of the Service Bus Queue/Topic or Event Hub. This attribute can only be specified and is mandatory when `authenticationType` is `identityBased` for endpoint type `azureIotHubServiceBusQueue`, `azureIotHubServiceBusTopic` or `azureIotHubEventHub`.

*   `connectionString` - (Optional) The connection string for the endpoint. This attribute is mandatory and can only be specified when `authenticationType` is `keyBased`.

*   `batchFrequencyInSeconds` - (Optional) Time interval at which blobs are written to storage. Value should be between 60 and 720 seconds. Default value is 300 seconds. This attribute is applicable for endpoint type `azureIotHubStorageContainer`.

*   `maxChunkSizeInBytes` - (Optional) Maximum number of bytes for each blob written to storage. Value should be between 10485760(10MB) and 524288000(500MB). Default value is 314572800(300MB). This attribute is applicable for endpoint type `azureIotHubStorageContainer`.

*   `containerName` - (Optional) The name of storage container in the storage account. This attribute is mandatory for endpoint type `azureIotHubStorageContainer`.

*   `encoding` - (Optional) Encoding that is used to serialize messages to blobs. Supported values are `avro`, `avroDeflate` and `json`. Default value is `avro`. This attribute is applicable for endpoint type `azureIotHubStorageContainer`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `fileNameFormat` - (Optional) File name format for the blob. Default format is `{iothub}/{partition}/{yyyy}/{mm}/{dd}/{hh}/{mm}`. All parameters are mandatory but can be reordered. This attribute is applicable for endpoint type `azureIotHubStorageContainer`.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Optional) The resource group in which the endpoint will be created.

***

An `identity` block supports the following:

*   `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this IoT Hub. Possible values are `systemAssigned`, `userAssigned`, `systemAssigned,UserAssigned` (to enable both).

*   `identityIds` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this IoT Hub.

\~> **NOTE:** This is required when `type` is set to `userAssigned` or `systemAssigned,UserAssigned`.

***

A `networkRuleSet` block supports the following:

*   `defaultAction` - (Optional) Default Action for Network Rule Set. Possible values are `deny`, `allow`. Defaults to `deny`.

*   `applyToBuiltinEventhubEndpoint` - (Optional) Determines if Network Rule Set is also applied to the BuiltIn EventHub EndPoint of the IotHub. Defaults to `false`.

*   `ipRule` - (Optional) One or more `ipRule` blocks as defined below.

***

A `ipRule` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the IP rule.

*   `ipMask` - (Required) The IP address range in CIDR notation for the IP rule.

*   `action` - (Optional) The desired action for requests captured by this rule. Possible values are `allow`. Defaults to `allow`.

***

A `route` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the route.

*   `source` - (Required) The source that the routing rule is to be applied to, such as `deviceMessages`. Possible values include: `invalid`, `deviceMessages`, `twinChangeEvents`, `deviceLifecycleEvents`, `deviceConnectionStateEvents`, `deviceJobLifecycleEvents` and `digitalTwinChangeEvents`.

*   `condition` - (Optional) The condition that is evaluated to apply the routing rule. Defaults to `true`. For grammar, see: <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-devguide-query-language>.

*   `endpointNames` - (Required) The list of endpoints to which messages that satisfy the condition are routed.

*   `enabled` - (Required) Used to specify whether a route is enabled.

***

An `enrichment` block supports the following:

*   `key` - (Required) The key of the enrichment.

*   `value` - (Required) The value of the enrichment. Value can be any static string, the name of the IoT Hub sending the message (use `$iothubname`) or information from the device twin (ex: `$twinTagsLatitude`)

*   `endpointNames` - (Required) The list of endpoints which will be enriched.

***

A `fallbackRoute` block supports the following:

*   `source` - (Optional) The source that the routing rule is to be applied to, such as `deviceMessages`. Possible values include: `invalid`, `deviceMessages`, `twinChangeEvents`, `deviceLifecycleEvents`, `deviceConnectionStateEvents`, `deviceJobLifecycleEvents` and `digitalTwinChangeEvents`.

*   `condition` - (Optional) The condition that is evaluated to apply the routing rule. Defaults to `true`. For grammar, see: <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-devguide-query-language>.

*   `endpointNames` - (Optional) The endpoints to which messages that satisfy the condition are routed. Currently only 1 endpoint is allowed.

*   `enabled` - (Optional) Used to specify whether the fallback route is enabled.

***

A `fileUpload` block supports the following:

*   `authenticationType` - (Optional) The type used to authenticate against the storage account. Possible values are `keyBased` and `identityBased`. Defaults to `keyBased`.

*   `identityId` - (Optional) The ID of the User Managed Identity used to authenticate against the storage account.

\-> **NOTE:** `identityId` can only be specified when `authenticationType` is `identityBased`. It must be one of the `identityIds` of the IoT Hub. If `identityId` is omitted when `authenticationType` is `identityBased`, then the System-Assigned Managed Identity of the IoT Hub will be used.

\~> **NOTE:** An IoT Hub can only be updated to use the System-Assigned Managed Identity for `fileUpload` since it is not possible to grant access to the endpoint until after creation.

*   `connectionString` - (Required) The connection string for the Azure Storage account to which files are uploaded.

*   `containerName` - (Required) The name of the root container where the files should be uploaded to. The container need not exist but should be creatable using the connection\_string specified.

*   `sasTtl` - (Optional) The period of time for which the SAS URI generated by IoT Hub for file upload is valid, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 1 minute and 24 hours. Defaults to `pt1H`.

*   `notifications` - (Optional) Used to specify whether file notifications are sent to IoT Hub on upload. Defaults to `false`.

*   `lockDuration` - (Optional) The lock duration for the file upload notifications queue, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 5 and 300 seconds. Defaults to `pt1M`.

*   `defaultTtl` - (Optional) The period of time for which a file upload notification message is available to consume before it expires, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 1 minute and 48 hours. Defaults to `pt1H`.

*   `maxDeliveryCount` - (Optional) The number of times the IoT Hub attempts to deliver a file upload notification message. Defaults to `10`.

***

A `cloudToDevice` block supports the following:

*   `maxDeliveryCount` - (Optional) The maximum delivery count for cloud-to-device per-device queues. This value must be between `1` and `100`. Defaults to `10`.

*   `defaultTtl` - (Optional) The default time to live for cloud-to-device messages, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 1 minute and 48 hours. Defaults to `pt1H`.

*   `feedback` - (Optional) A `feedback` block as defined below.

***

A `feedback` block supports the following:

*   `timeToLive` - (Optional) The retention time for service-bound feedback messages, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 1 minute and 48 hours. Defaults to `pt1H`.

*   `maxDeliveryCount` - (Optional) The maximum delivery count for the feedback queue. This value must be between `1` and `100`. Defaults to `10`.

*   `lockDuration` - (Optional) The lock duration for the feedback queue, specified as an [ISO 8601 timespan duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations). This value must be between 5 and 300 seconds. Defaults to `pt60S`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the IoTHub.

*   `eventHubEventsEndpoint` - The EventHub compatible endpoint for events data

*   `eventHubEventsNamespace` - The EventHub namespace for events data

*   `eventHubEventsPath` - The EventHub compatible path for events data

*   `eventHubOperationsEndpoint` - The EventHub compatible endpoint for operational data

*   `eventHubOperationsPath` - The EventHub compatible path for operational data

\-> **NOTE:** These fields can be used in conjunction with the `sharedAccessPolicy` block to build a connection string

*   `hostname` - The hostname of the IotHub Resource.

*   `identity` - An `identity` block as documented below.

*   `sharedAccessPolicy` - One or more `sharedAccessPolicy` blocks as defined below.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

***

A `sharedAccessPolicy` block contains the following:

*   `keyName` - The name of the shared access policy.

*   `primaryKey` - The primary key.

*   `secondaryKey` - The secondary key.

*   `permissions` - The permissions assigned to the shared access policy.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the IotHub.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the IotHub.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the IotHub.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the IotHub.

## Import

IoTHubs can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_iothub.hub1 /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.Devices/iotHubs/hub1
```
