---
subcategory: "Lab Service"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_lab_service_plan"
description: |-
  Manages a Lab Service Plan.
---

# azurerm\_lab\_service\_plan

Manages a Lab Service Plan.

\-> **Note:** Before using this resource, it's required to submit the request of registering the provider with Azure CLI `azProviderRegisterNamespaceMicrosoftLabServices`.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermLabServicePlanExample = new azurerm.labServicePlan.LabServicePlan(
  this,
  "example_1",
  {
    allowed_regions: [azurermResourceGroupExample.location],
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "example-lp",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermLabServicePlanExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the Lab Service Plan. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Lab Service Plan should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Lab Service Plan should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `allowedRegions` - (Required) The allowed regions for the lab creator to use when creating labs using this Lab Service Plan. The allowed region's count must be between `1` and `28`.

*   `defaultAutoShutdown` - (Optional) A `defaultAutoShutdown` block as defined below.

*   `defaultConnection` - (Optional) A `defaultConnection` block as defined below.

*   `defaultNetworkSubnetId` - (Optional) The resource ID of the Subnet for the Lab Service Plan network profile.

*   `sharedGalleryId` - (Optional) The resource ID of the Shared Image Gallery attached to this Lab Service Plan. When saving a lab template virtual machine image it will be persisted in this gallery. The shared images from the gallery can be made available to use when creating new labs.

\~> **NOTE:** The built-in `azureLabServices` Service Principal with role needs to be assigned to the Shared Image Gallery while using this property.

*   `support` - (Optional) A `support` block as defined below.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Lab Service Plan.

***

A `defaultAutoShutdown` block supports the following:

*   `disconnectDelay` - (Optional) The amount of time a VM will stay running after a user disconnects if this behavior is enabled. This value must be formatted as an ISO 8601 string.

*   `idleDelay` - (Optional) The amount of time a VM will idle before it is shutdown if this behavior is enabled. This value must be formatted as an ISO 8601 string.

*   `noConnectDelay` - (Optional) The amount of time a VM will stay running before it is shutdown if no connection is made and this behavior is enabled. This value must be formatted as an ISO 8601 string.

*   `shutdownOnIdle` - (Optional) Will a VM get shutdown when it has idled for a period of time? Possible values are `lowUsage` and `userAbsence`.

\~> **NOTE:** This property is `none` when it isn't specified. No need to set `idleDelay` when `shutdownOnIdle` isn't specified.

***

A `defaultConnection` block supports the following:

* `clientRdpAccess` - (Optional) The enabled access level for Client Access over RDP. Possible values are `private` and `public`.

\~> **NOTE:** This property is `none` when it isn't specified.

* `clientSshAccess` - (Optional) The enabled access level for Client Access over SSH. Possible values are `private` and `public`.

\~> **NOTE:** This property is `none` when it isn't specified.

* `webRdpAccess` - (Optional) The enabled access level for Web Access over RDP. Possible values are `private` and `public`.

\~> **NOTE:** This property is `none` when it isn't specified.

* `webSshAccess` - (Optional) The enabled access level for Web Access over SSH. Possible values are `private` and `public`.

\~> **NOTE:** This property is `none` when it isn't specified.

***

A `support` block supports the following:

*   `email` - (Optional) The email address for the support contact.

*   `instructions` - (Optional) The instructions for users of the Lab Service Plan.

*   `phone` - (Optional) The phone number for the support contact.

*   `url` - (Optional) The web address for users of the Lab Service Plan.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Lab Service Plan.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Lab Service Plan.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Lab Service Plan.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Lab Service Plan.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Lab Service Plan.

## Import

Lab Service Plans can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_lab_service_plan.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/resourceGroup1/providers/Microsoft.LabServices/labPlans/labPlan1
```
