---
subcategory: "Network"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_local_network_gateway"
description: |-
  Manages a local network gateway connection over which specific connections can be configured.
---

# azurerm\_local\_network\_gateway

Manages a local network gateway connection over which specific connections can be configured.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "localNetworkGWTest",
  }
);
new azurerm.localNetworkGateway.LocalNetworkGateway(this, "home", {
  address_space: ["10.0.0.0/16"],
  gateway_address: "12.13.14.15",
  location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
  name: "backHome",
  resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the local network gateway. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which to create the local network gateway. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) The location/region where the local network gateway is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `addressSpace` - (Optional) The list of string CIDRs representing the address spaces the gateway exposes.

*   `bgpSettings` - (Optional) A `bgpSettings` block as defined below containing the Local Network Gateway's BGP speaker settings.

*   `gatewayAddress` - (Optional) The gateway IP address to connect with.

*   `gatewayFqdn` - (Optional) The gateway FQDN to connect with.

\-> **NOTE:** Either `gatewayAddress` or `gatewayFqdn` should be specified.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

***

The `bgpSettings` block supports the following:

*   `asn` - (Required) The BGP speaker's ASN.

*   `bgpPeeringAddress` - (Required) The BGP peering address and BGP identifier of this BGP speaker.

*   `peerWeight` - (Optional) The weight added to routes learned from this BGP speaker.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Local Network Gateway.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Local Network Gateway.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Local Network Gateway.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Local Network Gateway.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Local Network Gateway.

## Import

Local Network Gateways can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_local_network_gateway.lng1 /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.Network/localNetworkGateways/lng1
```
