---
subcategory: "Policy"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_policy_definition"
description: |-
  Manages a policy rule definition. Policy definitions do not take effect until they are assigned to a scope using a Policy Assignment.
---

# azurerm\_policy\_definition

Manages a policy rule definition on a management group or your provider subscription.

Policy definitions do not take effect until they are assigned to a scope using a Policy Assignment.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.policyDefinition.PolicyDefinition(this, "policy", {
  display_name: "acceptance test policy definition",
  metadata: '    {\n    "category": "General"\n    }\n\n',
  mode: "Indexed",
  name: "accTestPolicy",
  parameters:
    ' {\n    "allowedLocations": {\n      "type": "Array",\n      "metadata": {\n        "description": "The list of allowed locations for resources.",\n        "displayName": "Allowed locations",\n        "strongType": "location"\n      }\n    }\n  }\n',
  policy_rule:
    ' {\n    "if": {\n      "not": {\n        "field": "location",\n        "in": "[parameters(\'allowedLocations\')]"\n      }\n    },\n    "then": {\n      "effect": "audit"\n    }\n  }\n',
  policy_type: "Custom",
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the policy definition. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `policyType` - (Required) The policy type. Possible values are `builtIn`, `custom`, `notSpecified` and `static`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `mode` - (Required) The policy resource manager mode that allows you to specify which resource types will be evaluated. Possible values are `all`, `indexed`, `microsoftContainerServiceData`, `microsoftCustomerLockboxData`, `microsoftDataCatalogData`, `microsoftKeyVaultData`, `microsoftKubernetesData`, `microsoftMachineLearningServicesData`, `microsoftNetworkData` and `microsoftSynapseData`.

\~> **Note:** Other resource provider modes only support built-in policy definitions but may later become available in custom definitions, these include; `microsoftContainerServiceData`, `microsoftCustomerLockboxData`, `microsoftDataCatalogData`, `microsoftKeyVaultData`, `microsoftKubernetesData`, `microsoftMachineLearningServicesData`, `microsoftNetworkData` and `microsoftSynapseData`. [See here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/policy/concepts/definition-structure#resource-provider-modes) for more details.

*   `displayName` - (Required) The display name of the policy definition.

*   `description` - (Optional) The description of the policy definition.

*   `managementGroupId` - (Optional) The id of the Management Group where this policy should be defined. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `policyRule` - (Optional) The policy rule for the policy definition. This is a JSON string representing the rule that contains an if and a then block.

*   `metadata` - (Optional) The metadata for the policy definition. This is a JSON string representing additional metadata that should be stored with the policy definition.

*   `parameters` - (Optional) Parameters for the policy definition. This field is a JSON string that allows you to parameterize your policy definition.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Policy Definition.

*   `roleDefinitionIds` - A list of role definition id extracted from `policyRule` required for remediation.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Policy Definition.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Policy Definition.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Policy Definition.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Policy Definition.

## Import

Policy Definitions can be imported using the `policyName`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_policy_definition.examplePolicy /subscriptions/<SUBSCRIPTION_ID>/providers/Microsoft.Authorization/policyDefinitions/<POLICY_NAME>
```

or

```shell
terraform import azurerm_policy_definition.examplePolicy /providers/Microsoft.Management/managementgroups/<MANGAGEMENT_GROUP_ID>/providers/Microsoft.Authorization/policyDefinitions/<POLICY_NAME>
```
