---
subcategory: "Network"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_public_ip"
description: |-
  Manages a Public IP Address.
---

# azurerm\_public\_ip

Manages a Public IP Address.

\~> **Note** If this resource is to be associated with a resource that requires disassociation before destruction (such as `azurermNetworkInterface`) it is recommended to set the `lifecycle` argument `createBeforeDestroy =True`. Otherwise, it can fail to disassociate on destruction.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermPublicIpExample = new azurerm.publicIp.PublicIp(
  this,
  "example_1",
  {
    allocation_method: "Static",
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "acceptanceTestPublicIp1",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    tags: {
      environment: "Production",
    },
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermPublicIpExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Public IP. Changing this forces a new Public IP to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where this Public IP should exist. Changing this forces a new Public IP to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the Public IP should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `allocationMethod` - (Required) Defines the allocation method for this IP address. Possible values are `static` or `dynamic`.

\~> **Note** `dynamic` Public IP Addresses aren't allocated until they're assigned to a resource (such as a Virtual Machine or a Load Balancer) by design within Azure. See `ipAddress` argument.

***

* `zones` - (Optional) A collection containing the availability zone to allocate the Public IP in. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

\-> **Note:** Availability Zones are only supported with a [Standard SKU](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-network/virtual-network-ip-addresses-overview-arm#standard) and [in select regions](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/availability-zones/az-overview) at this time. Standard SKU Public IP Addresses that do not specify a zone are **not** zone-redundant by default.

*   `ddosProtectionMode` - (Optional) The DDoS protection mode of the public IP. Possible values are `disabled`, `enabled`, and `virtualNetworkInherited`. Defaults to `virtualNetworkInherited`.

*   `ddosProtectionPlanId` - (Optional) The ID of DDoS protection plan associated with the public IP.

\-> **Note:** `ddosProtectionPlanId` can only be set when `ddosProtectionMode` is `enabled`.

*   `domainNameLabel` - (Optional) Label for the Domain Name. Will be used to make up the FQDN. If a domain name label is specified, an A DNS record is created for the public IP in the Microsoft Azure DNS system.

*   `edgeZone` - (Optional) Specifies the Edge Zone within the Azure Region where this Public IP should exist. Changing this forces a new Public IP to be created.

*   `idleTimeoutInMinutes` - (Optional) Specifies the timeout for the TCP idle connection. The value can be set between 4 and 30 minutes.

*   `ipTags` - (Optional) A mapping of IP tags to assign to the public IP. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

\-> **Note** IP Tag `routingPreference` requires multiple `zones` and `standard` SKU to be set.

* `ipVersion` - (Optional) The IP Version to use, IPv6 or IPv4. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

\-> **Note** Only `static` IP address allocation is supported for IPv6.

*   `publicIpPrefixId` - (Optional) If specified then public IP address allocated will be provided from the public IP prefix resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `reverseFqdn` - (Optional) A fully qualified domain name that resolves to this public IP address. If the reverseFqdn is specified, then a PTR DNS record is created pointing from the IP address in the in-addr.arpa domain to the reverse FQDN.

*   `sku` - (Optional) The SKU of the Public IP. Accepted values are `basic` and `standard`. Defaults to `basic`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

\-> **Note** Public IP Standard SKUs require `allocationMethod` to be set to `static`.

* `skuTier` - (Optional) The SKU Tier that should be used for the Public IP. Possible values are `regional` and `global`. Defaults to `regional`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

\-> **Note** When `skuTier` is set to `global`, `sku` must be set to `standard`.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of this Public IP.

*   `ipAddress` - The IP address value that was allocated.

\~> **Note** `dynamic` Public IP Addresses aren't allocated until they're attached to a device (e.g. a Virtual Machine/Load Balancer). Instead you can obtain the IP Address once the Public IP has been assigned via the [`azurermPublicIp` Data Source](../d/public_ip.html).

* `fqdn` - Fully qualified domain name of the A DNS record associated with the public IP. `domainNameLabel` must be specified to get the `fqdn`. This is the concatenation of the `domainNameLabel` and the regionalized DNS zone

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Public IP.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Public IP.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Public IP.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Public IP.

## Import

Public IPs can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_public_ip.myPublicIp /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.Network/publicIPAddresses/myPublicIpAddress1
```
