---
subcategory: "Purview"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_purview_account"
description: |-
  Manages a Purview Account.
---

# azurerm\_purview\_account

Manages a Purview Account.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermPurviewAccountExample = new azurerm.purviewAccount.PurviewAccount(
  this,
  "example_1",
  {
    identity: [
      {
        type: "SystemAssigned",
      },
    ],
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "example",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermPurviewAccountExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Purview Account should exist. Changing this forces a new Purview Account to be created.

*   `identity` - (Required) An `identity` block as defined below.

*   `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Purview Account. Changing this forces a new Purview Account to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Purview Account should exist. Changing this forces a new Purview Account to be created.

***

*   `publicNetworkEnabled` - (Optional) Should the Purview Account be visible to the public network? Defaults to `true`.

*   `managedResourceGroupName` - (Optional) The name which should be used for the new Resource Group where Purview Account creates the managed resources. Changing this forces a new Purview Account to be created.

\~> **Note:** `managedResourceGroupName` must be a new Resource Group

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Purview Account.

***

The `identity` block supports the following:

*   `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this Purview Account. Possible values are `userAssigned` and `systemAssigned`.

*   `identityIds` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this Purview Account.

\~> **NOTE:** This is required when `type` is set to `userAssigned`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Purview Account.

*   `atlasKafkaEndpointPrimaryConnectionString` - Atlas Kafka endpoint primary connection string.

*   `atlasKafkaEndpointSecondaryConnectionString` - Atlas Kafka endpoint secondary connection string.

*   `catalogEndpoint` - Catalog endpoint.

*   `guardianEndpoint` - Guardian endpoint.

*   `scanEndpoint` - Scan endpoint.

*   `identity` - A `identity` block as defined below.

*   `managedResources` - A `managedResources` block as defined below.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

***

A `managedResources` block exports the following:

*   `eventHubNamespaceId` - The ID of the managed event hub namespace.

*   `resourceGroupId` - The ID of the managed resource group.

*   `storageAccountId` - The ID of the managed storage account.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Purview Account.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Purview Account.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Purview Account.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Purview Account.

## Import

Purview Accounts can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_purview_account.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.Purview/accounts/account1
```
