---
subcategory: "Search"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_search_service"
description: |-
  Manages a Search Service.
---

# azurerm\_search\_service

Manages a Search Service.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermSearchServiceExample = new azurerm.searchService.SearchService(
  this,
  "example_1",
  {
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "example-search-service",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    sku: "standard",
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermSearchServiceExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Search Service should exist. Changing this forces a new Search Service to be created.

*   `name` - (Required) The Name which should be used for this Search Service. Changing this forces a new Search Service to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Search Service should exist. Changing this forces a new Search Service to be created.

*   `sku` - (Required) The SKU which should be used for this Search Service. Possible values are `basic`, `free`, `standard`, `standard2`, `standard3`, `storageOptimizedL1` and `storageOptimizedL2`. Changing this forces a new Search Service to be created.

\-> The `basic` and `free` SKUs provision the Search Service in a Shared Cluster - the `standard` SKUs use a Dedicated Cluster.

\~> **Note:** The SKUs `standard2` and `standard3` are only available when enabled on the backend by Microsoft.

***

*   `publicNetworkAccessEnabled` - (Optional) Whether or not public network access is allowed for this resource. Defaults to `true`.

*   `partitionCount` - (Optional) The number of partitions which should be created.

*   `replicaCount` - (Optional) The number of replica's which should be created.

\-> **Note:** `partitionCount` and `replicaCount` can only be configured when using a `standard` sku.

*   `allowedIps` - (Optional) A list of IPv4 addresses or CIDRs that are allowed access to the search service endpoint.

*   `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Search Service.

***

A `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this Search Service. The only possible value is `systemAssigned`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Search Service.

*   `primaryKey` - The Primary Key used for Search Service Administration.

*   `queryKeys` - A `queryKeys` block as defined below.

*   `secondaryKey` - The Secondary Key used for Search Service Administration.

***

A `queryKeys` block exports the following:

*   `key` - The value of this Query Key.

*   `name` - The name of this Query Key.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 60 minutes) Used when creating the Search Service.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Search Service.
* `update` - (Defaults to 60 minutes) Used when updating the Search Service.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 60 minutes) Used when deleting the Search Service.

## Import

Search Services can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_search_service.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.Search/searchServices/service1
```
