---
subcategory: "Security Center"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_security_center_subscription_pricing"
description: |-
    Manages the Pricing Tier for Azure Security Center in the current subscription.
---

# azurerm\_security\_center\_subscription\_pricing

Manages the Pricing Tier for Azure Security Center in the current subscription.

\~> **NOTE:** Deletion of this resource does not change or reset the pricing tier to `free`

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.securityCenterSubscriptionPricing.SecurityCenterSubscriptionPricing(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    resource_type: "VirtualMachines",
    tier: "Standard",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `tier` - (Required) The pricing tier to use. Possible values are `free` and `standard`.
* `resourceType` - (Optional) The resource type this setting affects. Possible values are `appServices`, `containerRegistry`, `keyVaults`, `kubernetesService`, `sqlServers`, `sqlServerVirtualMachines`, `storageAccounts`, `virtualMachines`, `arm`, `dns`, `openSourceRelationalDatabases`, `containers`, `cosmosDbs` and `cloudPosture`. Defaults to `virtualMachines`
* `subplan` - (Optional) Resource type pricing subplan. Contact your MSFT representative for possible values.

\~> **NOTE:** Changing the pricing tier to `standard` affects all resources of the given type in the subscription and could be quite costly.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The subscription pricing ID.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 60 minutes) Used when creating the Security Center Subscription Pricing.
* `update` - (Defaults to 60 minutes) Used when updating the Security Center Subscription Pricing.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Security Center Subscription Pricing.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 60 minutes) Used when deleting the Security Center Subscription Pricing.

## Import

The pricing tier can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_security_center_subscription_pricing.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/providers/Microsoft.Security/pricings/<resource_type>
```
