---
subcategory: "Sentinel"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_sentinel_automation_rule"
description: |-
  Manages a Sentinel Automation Rule.
---

# azurerm\_sentinel\_automation\_rule

Manages a Sentinel Automation Rule.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.provider.AzurermProvider(this, "azurerm", {
  features: [{}],
});
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "west europe",
    name: "example-rg",
  }
);
const azurermLogAnalyticsWorkspaceExample =
  new azurerm.logAnalyticsWorkspace.LogAnalyticsWorkspace(this, "example_2", {
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "example-workspace",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    sku: "PerGB2018",
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermLogAnalyticsWorkspaceExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermLogAnalyticsSolutionSentinel =
  new azurerm.logAnalyticsSolution.LogAnalyticsSolution(this, "sentinel", {
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    plan: [
      {
        product: "OMSGallery/SecurityInsights",
        publisher: "Microsoft",
      },
    ],
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    solution_name: "SecurityInsights",
    workspace_name: azurermLogAnalyticsWorkspaceExample.name,
    workspace_resource_id: azurermLogAnalyticsWorkspaceExample.id,
  });
const azurermSentinelAutomationRuleExample =
  new azurerm.sentinelAutomationRule.SentinelAutomationRule(this, "example_4", {
    action_incident: [
      {
        order: 1,
        status: "Active",
      },
    ],
    display_name: "automation_rule1",
    log_analytics_workspace_id:
      azurermLogAnalyticsSolutionSentinel.workspaceResourceId,
    name: "56094f72-ac3f-40e7-a0c0-47bd95f70336",
    order: 1,
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermSentinelAutomationRuleExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The UUID which should be used for this Sentinel Automation Rule. Changing this forces a new Sentinel Automation Rule to be created.

*   `logAnalyticsWorkspaceId` - (Required) The ID of the Log Analytics Workspace where this Sentinel applies to. Changing this forces a new Sentinel Automation Rule to be created.

*   `displayName` - (Required) The display name which should be used for this Sentinel Automation Rule.

*   `order` - (Required) The order of this Sentinel Automation Rule. Possible values varies between `1` and `1000`.

***

*   `actionIncident` - (Optional) One or more `actionIncident` blocks as defined below.

*   `actionPlaybook` - (Optional) One or more `actionPlaybook` blocks as defined below.

\~> **Note:** Either one `actionIncident` block or `actionPlaybook` block has to be specified.

* `condition` - (Optional / **Deprecated** ) One or more `condition` blocks as defined below.

\~> **Note:** `condition` only supports the [`property` condition type](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/securityinsights/preview/automation-rules/create-or-update?tabs=HTTP#propertyconditionproperties). Please use `conditionJson` if you want other condition types.

*   `conditionJson` - (Optional) A JSON array of one or more condition JSON objects as is defined [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/securityinsights/preview/automation-rules/create-or-update?tabs=HTTP#automationruletriggeringlogic).

*   `enabled` - (Optional) Whether this Sentinel Automation Rule is enabled? Defaults to `true`.

*   `expiration` - (Optional) The time in RFC3339 format of kind `utc` that determines when this Automation Rule should expire and be disabled.

*   `triggersOn` - (Optional) Specifies what triggers this automation rule. Possible values are `alerts` and `incidents`. Defaults to `incidents`.

*   `triggersWhen` - (Optional) Specifies when will this automation rule be triggered. Possible values are `created` and `updated`. Defaults to `created`.

***

A `actionIncident` block supports the following:

*   `order` - (Required) The execution order of this action.

*   `status` - (Optional) The status to set to the incident. Possible values are: `active`, `closed`, `new`.

*   `classification` - (Optional) The classification of the incident, when closing it. Possible values are: `benignPositiveSuspiciousButExpected`, `falsePositiveInaccurateData`, `falsePositiveIncorrectAlertLogic`, `truePositiveSuspiciousActivity` and `undetermined`.

    \~> **Note:** The `classification` is required when `status` is `closed`.

*   `classificationComment` - (Optional) The comment why the incident is to be closed.

    \~> **Note:** The `classificationComment` is allowed to set only when `status` is `closed`.

*   `labels` - (Optional) Specifies a list of labels to add to the incident.

*   `ownerId` - (Optional) The object ID of the entity this incident is assigned to.

*   `severity` - (Optional) The severity to add to the incident. Possible values are `high`, `informational`, `low` and `medium`.

\~> **Note:**: At least one of `status`, `labels`, `ownerId` and `severity` has to be set.

***

A `actionPlaybook` block supports the following:

*   `logicAppId` - (Required) The ID of the Logic App that defines the playbook's logic.

*   `order` - (Required) The execution order of this action.

*   `tenantId` - (Optional) The ID of the Tenant that owns the playbook.

***

A `condition` block supports the following:

*   `operator` - (Required) The operator to use for evaluate the condition. Possible values include: `equals`, `notEquals`, `contains`, `notContains`, `startsWith`, `notStartsWith`, `endsWith`, `notEndsWith`.

*   `property` - (Required) The property to use for evaluate the condition. Possible values include: `accountAadTenantId`, `accountAadUserId`, `accountNtDomain`, `accountName`, `accountObjectGuid`, `accountPuid`, `accountSid`, `accountUpnSuffix`, `azureResourceResourceId`, `azureResourceSubscriptionId`, `cloudApplicationAppId`, `cloudApplicationAppName`, `dnsDomainName`, `fileDirectory`, `fileHashValue`, `fileName`, `hostAzureId`, `hostNtDomain`, `hostName`, `hostNetBiosName`, `hostOsVersion`, `ipAddress`, `incidentDescription`, `incidentProviderName`, `incidentRelatedAnalyticRuleIds`, `incidentSeverity`, `incidentStatus`, `incidentTactics`, `incidentTitle`, `ioTDeviceId`, `ioTDeviceModel`, `ioTDeviceName`, `ioTDeviceOperatingSystem`, `ioTDeviceType`, `ioTDeviceVendor`, `mailMessageDeliveryAction`, `mailMessageDeliveryLocation`, `mailMessageP1Sender`, `mailMessageP2Sender`, `mailMessageRecipient`, `mailMessageSenderIp`, `mailMessageSubject`, `mailboxDisplayName`, `mailboxPrimaryAddress`, `mailboxUpn`, `malwareCategory`, `malwareName`, `processCommandLine`, `processId`, `registryKey`, `registryValueData`, `url`.

*   `values` - (Required) Specifies a list of values to use for evaluate the condition.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Sentinel Automation Rule.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when creating the Sentinel Automation Rule.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Sentinel Automation Rule.
* `update` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when updating the Sentinel Automation Rule.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when deleting the Sentinel Automation Rule.

## Import

Sentinel Automation Rules can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_sentinel_automation_rule.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.OperationalInsights/workspaces/workspace1/providers/Microsoft.SecurityInsights/automationRules/rule1
```
