---
subcategory: "Messaging"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_servicebus_namespace"
description: |-
  Manages a ServiceBus Namespace.
---

# azurerm\_servicebus\_namespace

Manages a ServiceBus Namespace.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.provider.AzurermProvider(this, "azurerm", {
  features: [{}],
});
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "terraform-servicebus",
  }
);
const azurermServicebusNamespaceExample =
  new azurerm.servicebusNamespace.ServicebusNamespace(this, "example_2", {
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "tfex-servicebus-namespace",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    sku: "Standard",
    tags: {
      source: "terraform",
    },
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermServicebusNamespaceExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the ServiceBus Namespace resource . Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which to Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
    create the namespace.

*   `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `sku` - (Required) Defines which tier to use. Options are `basic`, `standard` or `premium`. Please note that setting this field to `premium` will force the creation of a new resource.

*   `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

*   `capacity` - (Optional) Specifies the capacity. When `sku` is `premium`, capacity can be `1`, `2`, `4`, `8` or `16`. When `sku` is `basic` or `standard`, capacity can be `0` only.

*   `customerManagedKey` - (Optional) An `customerManagedKey` block as defined below.

*   `localAuthEnabled` - (Optional) Whether or not SAS authentication is enabled for the Service Bus namespace. Defaults to `true`.

*   `publicNetworkAccessEnabled` - (Optional) Is public network access enabled for the Service Bus Namespace? Defaults to `true`.

*   `minimumTlsVersion` - (Optional) The minimum supported TLS version for this Service Bus Namespace. Valid values are: `10`, `11` and `12`. The current default minimum TLS version is `12`.

*   `zoneRedundant` - (Optional) Whether or not this resource is zone redundant. `sku` needs to be `premium`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

***

An `identity` block supports the following:

*   `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this ServiceBus Namespace. Possible values are `systemAssigned`, `userAssigned`, `systemAssigned,UserAssigned` (to enable both).

*   `identityIds` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this ServiceBus namespace.

\~> **NOTE:** This is required when `type` is set to `userAssigned` or `systemAssigned,UserAssigned`.

***

\-> **Note:** Once customer-managed key encryption has been enabled, it cannot be disabled.

***

A `customerManagedKey` block supports the following:

*   `keyVaultKeyId` - (Required) The ID of the Key Vault Key which should be used to Encrypt the data in this ServiceBus Namespace.

*   `identityId` - (Required) The ID of the User Assigned Identity that has access to the key.

*   `infrastructureEncryptionEnabled` - (Optional) Used to specify whether enable Infrastructure Encryption (Double Encryption). Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ServiceBus Namespace ID.

*   `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below, which contains the Managed Service Identity information for this ServiceBus Namespace.

*   `endpoint` - The URL to access the ServiceBus Namespace.

***

A `identity` block exports the following:

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID for the Service Principal associated with the Managed Service Identity of this ServiceBus Namespace.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID for the Service Principal associated with the Managed Service Identity of this ServiceBus Namespace.

***

The following attributes are exported only if there is an authorization rule named `rootManageSharedAccessKey` which is created automatically by Azure.

*   `defaultPrimaryConnectionString` - The primary connection string for the authorization rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

*   `defaultSecondaryConnectionString` - The secondary connection string for the authorization rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

*   `defaultPrimaryKey` - The primary access key for the authorization rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

*   `defaultSecondaryKey` - The secondary access key for the authorization rule `rootManageSharedAccessKey`.

***

A `identity` block exports the following:

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID for the Service Principal associated with the Managed Service Identity of this ServiceBus Namespace.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID for the Service Principal associated with the Managed Service Identity of this ServiceBus Namespace.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the ServiceBus Namespace.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the ServiceBus Namespace.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the ServiceBus Namespace.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the ServiceBus Namespace.

## Import

Service Bus Namespace can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_servicebus_namespace.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.ServiceBus/namespaces/sbns1
```
