---
subcategory: "Compute"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_shared_image_version"
description: |-
  Manages a Version of a Shared Image within a Shared Image Gallery.

---

# azurerm\_shared\_image\_version

Manages a Version of a Shared Image within a Shared Image Gallery.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
const dataAzurermImageExisting = new azurerm.dataAzurermImage.DataAzurermImage(
  this,
  "existing",
  {
    name: "search-api",
    resource_group_name: "packerimages",
  }
);
const dataAzurermSharedImageExisting =
  new azurerm.dataAzurermSharedImage.DataAzurermSharedImage(
    this,
    "existing_1",
    {
      gallery_name: "existing_gallery",
      name: "existing-image",
      resource_group_name: "existing-resources",
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
dataAzurermSharedImageExisting.overrideLogicalId("existing");
new azurerm.sharedImageVersion.SharedImageVersion(this, "example", {
  gallery_name: dataAzurermSharedImageExisting.galleryName,
  image_name: dataAzurermSharedImageExisting.name,
  location: dataAzurermSharedImageExisting.location,
  managed_image_id: dataAzurermImageExisting.id,
  name: "0.0.1",
  resource_group_name: dataAzurermSharedImageExisting.resourceGroupName,
  target_region: [
    {
      name: dataAzurermSharedImageExisting.location,
      regional_replica_count: 5,
      storage_account_type: "Standard_LRS",
    },
  ],
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `name` - (Required) The version number for this Image Version, such as `100`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `galleryName` - (Required) The name of the Shared Image Gallery in which the Shared Image exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `imageName` - (Required) The name of the Shared Image within the Shared Image Gallery in which this Version should be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `location` - (Required) The Azure Region in which the Shared Image Gallery exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `resourceGroupName` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group in which the Shared Image Gallery exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `targetRegion` - (Required) One or more `targetRegion` blocks as documented below.

*   `blobUri` - (Optional) URI of the Azure Storage Blob used to create the Image Version. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

\-> **NOTE:** You must specify exact one of `blobUri`, `managedImageId` and `osDiskSnapshotId`.

\-> **NOTE:** `blobUri` and `storageAccountId` must be specified together

*   `endOfLifeDate` - (Optional) The end of life date in RFC3339 format of the Image Version.

*   `excludeFromLatest` - (Optional) Should this Image Version be excluded from the `latest` filter? If set to `true` this Image Version won't be returned for the `latest` version. Defaults to `false`.

*   `managedImageId` - (Optional) The ID of the Managed Image or Virtual Machine ID which should be used for this Shared Image Version. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

\-> **NOTE:** The ID can be sourced from the `azurermImage` [Data Source](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/d/image.html) or [Resource](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/azurerm/r/image.html).

\-> **NOTE:** You must specify exact one of `blobUri`, `managedImageId` and `osDiskSnapshotId`.

* `osDiskSnapshotId` - (Optional) The ID of the OS disk snapshot which should be used for this Shared Image Version. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

\-> **NOTE:** You must specify exact one of `blobUri`, `managedImageId` and `osDiskSnapshotId`.

*   `replicationMode` - (Optional) Mode to be used for replication. Possible values are `full` and `shallow`. Defaults to `full`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `storageAccountId` - (Optional) The ID of the Storage Account where the Blob exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

\-> **NOTE:** `blobUri` and `storageAccountId` must be specified together

* `tags` - (Optional) A collection of tags which should be applied to this resource.

***

The `targetRegion` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) The Azure Region in which this Image Version should exist.

*   `regionalReplicaCount` - (Required) The number of replicas of the Image Version to be created per region.

*   `diskEncryptionSetId` - (Optional) The ID of the Disk Encryption Set to encrypt the Image Version in the target region. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

*   `storageAccountType` - (Optional) The storage account type for the image version. Possible values are `standardLrs`, `premiumLrs` and `standardZrs`. Defaults to `standardLrs`. You can store all of your image version replicas in Zone Redundant Storage by specifying `standardZrs`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Shared Image Version.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Shared Image Version.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Shared Image Version.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Shared Image Version.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Shared Image Version.

## Import

Shared Image Versions can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_shared_image_version.version /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/mygroup1/providers/Microsoft.Compute/galleries/gallery1/images/image1/versions/1.2.3
```
