---
subcategory: "App Service (Web Apps)"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_windows_web_app_slot"
description: |-
  Manages a Windows Web App Slot.
---

# azurerm\_windows\_web\_app\_slot

Manages a Windows Web App Slot.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as azurerm from "./.gen/providers/azurerm";
/*The following providers are missing schema information and might need manual adjustments to synthesize correctly: azurerm.
For a more precise conversion please use the --provider flag in convert.*/
new azurerm.provider.AzurermProvider(this, "azurerm", {
  features: [{}],
});
const azurermResourceGroupExample = new azurerm.resourceGroup.ResourceGroup(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    location: "West Europe",
    name: "example-resources",
  }
);
const azurermServicePlanExample = new azurerm.servicePlan.ServicePlan(
  this,
  "example_2",
  {
    location: azurermResourceGroupExample.location,
    name: "example-plan",
    os_type: "Windows",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    sku_name: "P1v2",
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermServicePlanExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermWindowsWebAppExample = new azurerm.windowsWebApp.WindowsWebApp(
  this,
  "example_3",
  {
    location: azurermServicePlanExample.location,
    name: "example-windows-web-app",
    resource_group_name: azurermResourceGroupExample.name,
    service_plan_id: azurermServicePlanExample.id,
    site_config: [{}],
  }
);
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermWindowsWebAppExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
const azurermWindowsWebAppSlotExample =
  new azurerm.windowsWebAppSlot.WindowsWebAppSlot(this, "example_4", {
    app_service_id: azurermWindowsWebAppExample.id,
    name: "example-slot",
    site_config: [{}],
  });
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
azurermWindowsWebAppSlotExample.overrideLogicalId("example");

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Windows Web App Slot. Changing this forces a new Windows Web App Slot to be created.

\~> **NOTE:** Terraform will perform a name availability check as part of the creation progress, if this Web App is part of an App Service Environment terraform will require Read permission on the App Service Environment for this to complete reliably.

*   `appServiceId` - (Required) The ID of the Windows Web App this Deployment Slot will be part of. Changing this forces a new Windows Web App to be created.

*   `siteConfig` - (Required) A `siteConfig` block as defined below.

***

*   `appSettings` - (Optional) A map of key-value pairs of App Settings.

*   `authSettings` - (Optional) An `authSettings` block as defined below.

*   `authSettingsV2` - (Optional) An `authSettingsV2` block as defined below.

*   `backup` - (Optional) A `backup` block as defined below.

*   `clientAffinityEnabled` - (Optional) Should Client Affinity be enabled?

*   `clientCertificateEnabled` - (Optional) Should Client Certificates be enabled?

*   `clientCertificateMode` - (Optional) The Client Certificate mode. Possible values are `required`, `optional`, and `optionalInteractiveUser`. This property has no effect when `clientCertEnabled` is `false`

*   `clientCertificateExclusionPaths` - (Optional) Paths to exclude when using client certificates, separated by ;

*   `connectionString` - (Optional) One or more `connectionString` blocks as defined below.

*   `enabled` - (Optional) Should the Windows Web App Slot be enabled? Defaults to `true`.

*   `httpsOnly` - (Optional) Should the Windows Web App Slot require HTTPS connections.

*   `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

*   `keyVaultReferenceIdentityId` - (Optional) The User Assigned Identity ID used for accessing KeyVault secrets. The identity must be assigned to the application in the `identity` block. [For more information see - Access vaults with a user-assigned identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/app-service-key-vault-references#access-vaults-with-a-user-assigned-identity)

*   `logs` - (Optional) A `logs` block as defined below.

*   `servicePlanId` - (Optional) The ID of the Service Plan in which to run this slot. If not specified the same Service Plan as the Windows Web App will be used.

*   `storageAccount` - (Optional) One or more `storageAccount` blocks as defined below.

\~> **Note:** Using this value requires `websiteRunFromPackage=1` to be set on the App in `appSettings`. Refer to the [Azure docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/deploy-run-package) for further details.

*   `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Windows Web App Slot.

*   `virtualNetworkSubnetId` - (Optional) The subnet id which will be used by this Web App Slot for [regional virtual network integration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/overview-vnet-integration#regional-virtual-network-integration).

\~> **NOTE on regional virtual network integration:** The AzureRM Terraform provider provides regional virtual network integration via the standalone resource [app\_service\_virtual\_network\_swift\_connection](app_service_virtual_network_swift_connection.html) and in-line within this resource using the `virtualNetworkSubnetId` property. You cannot use both methods simultaneously. If the virtual network is set via the resource `appServiceVirtualNetworkSwiftConnection` then `ignoreChanges` should be used in the web app slot configuration.

\~> **Note:** Assigning the `virtualNetworkSubnetId` property requires [RBAC permissions on the subnet](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/overview-vnet-integration#permissions)

* `zipDeployFile` - (Optional) The local path and filename of the Zip packaged application to deploy to this Windows Web App.

***

A `action` block supports the following:

*   `actionType` - (Required) Predefined action to be taken to an Auto Heal trigger. Possible values are `customAction`, `logEvent` and `recycle`.

*   `customAction` - (Optional) A `customAction` block as defined below.

*   `minimumProcessExecutionTime` - (Optional) The minimum amount of time in `hh:mm:ss` the Windows Web App Slot must have been running before the defined action will be run in the event of a trigger.

***

A `activeDirectory` block supports the following:

*   `clientId` - (Required) The ID of the Client to use to authenticate with Azure Active Directory.

*   `allowedAudiences` - (Optional) Specifies a list of Allowed audience values to consider when validating JWTs issued by Azure Active Directory.

\~> **Note:** The `clientId` value is always considered an allowed audience, so should not be included.

*   `clientSecret` - (Optional) The Client Secret for the Client ID. Cannot be used with `clientSecretSettingName`.

*   `clientSecretSettingName` - (Optional) The App Setting name that contains the client secret of the Client. Cannot be used with `clientSecret`.

***

A `applicationLogs` block supports the following:

*   `azureBlobStorage` - (Optional) An `azureBlobStorage` block as defined below.

*   `fileSystemLevel` - (Required) Log level. Possible values include: `verbose`, `information`, `warning`, and `error`.

***

An `applicationStack` block supports the following:

* `currentStack` - (Optional) The Application Stack for the Windows Web App. Possible values include `dotnet`, `dotnetcore`, `node`, `python`, `php`, and `java`.

\~> **NOTE:** Whilst this property is Optional omitting it can cause unexpected behaviour, in particular for display of settings in the Azure Portal.

*   `dockerContainerName` - (Optional) The name of the Docker Container. For example `azureAppService/samples/aspnethelloworld`

*   `dockerContainerRegistry` - (Optional) The registry Host on which the specified Docker Container can be located. For example `mcrMicrosoftCom`

*   `dockerContainerTag` - (Optional) The Image Tag of the specified Docker Container to use. For example `latest`

*   `dotnetVersion` - (Optional) The version of .NET to use when `currentStack` is set to `dotnet`. Possible values include `v20`,`v30`, `v40`, `v50`, `v60` and `v70`.

*   `dotnetCoreVersion` - (Optional) The version of .NET to use when `currentStack` is set to `dotnetcore`. Possible values include `v40`.

*   `tomcatVersion` - (Optional) The version of Tomcat the Java App should use.

\~> **NOTE:** See the official documentation for current supported versions.

*   `javaEmbeddedServerEnabled` - (Optional) Should the Java Embedded Server (Java SE) be used to run the app.

*   `javaVersion` - (Optional) The version of Java to use when `currentStack` is set to `java`. Possible values include `17`, `18`, `11` and `17`. Required with `javaContainer` and `javaContainerVersion`.

\~> **NOTE:** For compatible combinations of `javaVersion`, `javaContainer` and `javaContainerVersion` users can use `azWebappListRuntimes` from command line.

* `nodeVersion` - (Optional) The version of node to use when `currentStack` is set to `node`. Possible values include `~12`, `~14`, `~16`, and `~18`.

\~> **NOTE:** This property conflicts with `javaVersion`.

* `phpVersion` - (Optional) The version of PHP to use when `currentStack` is set to `php`. Possible values are `71`, `74` and `off`.

\~> **NOTE:** The value `off` is used to signify latest supported by the service.

* `python` - (Optional) The app is a Python app. Defaults to `false`.

***

A `authSettings` block supports the following:

*   `enabled` - (Required) Should the Authentication / Authorization feature be enabled for the Windows Web App?

*   `activeDirectory` - (Optional) An `activeDirectory` block as defined above.

*   `additionalLoginParameters` - (Optional) Specifies a map of login Parameters to send to the OpenID Connect authorization endpoint when a user logs in.

*   `allowedExternalRedirectUrls` - (Optional) Specifies a list of External URLs that can be redirected to as part of logging in or logging out of the Windows Web App Slot.

*   `defaultProvider` - (Optional) The default authentication provider to use when multiple providers are configured. Possible values include: `azureActiveDirectory`, `facebook`, `google`, `microsoftAccount`, `twitter`, `github`.

\~> **NOTE:** This setting is only needed if multiple providers are configured, and the `unauthenticatedClientAction` is set to "RedirectToLoginPage".

*   `facebook` - (Optional) A `facebook` block as defined below.

*   `github` - (Optional) A `github` block as defined below.

*   `google` - (Optional) A `google` block as defined below.

*   `issuer` - (Optional) The OpenID Connect Issuer URI that represents the entity which issues access tokens for this Windows Web App Slot.

\~> **NOTE:** When using Azure Active Directory, this value is the URI of the directory tenant, e.g. <https://sts.windows.net/{tenant-guid}/>.

*   `microsoft` - (Optional) A `microsoft` block as defined below.

*   `runtimeVersion` - (Optional) The RuntimeVersion of the Authentication / Authorization feature in use for the Windows Web App Slot.

*   `tokenRefreshExtensionHours` - (Optional) The number of hours after session token expiration that a session token can be used to call the token refresh API. Defaults to `72` hours.

*   `tokenStoreEnabled` - (Optional) Should the Windows Web App Slot durably store platform-specific security tokens that are obtained during login flows? Defaults to `false`.

*   `twitter` - (Optional) A `twitter` block as defined below.

*   `unauthenticatedClientAction` - (Optional) The action to take when an unauthenticated client attempts to access the app. Possible values include: `redirectToLoginPage`, `allowAnonymous`.

***

An `authSettingsV2` block supports the following:

*   `authEnabled` - (Optional) Should the AuthV2 Settings be enabled. Defaults to `false`.

*   `runtimeVersion` - (Optional) The Runtime Version of the Authentication and Authorisation feature of this App. Defaults to `~1`.

*   `configFilePath` - (Optional) The path to the App Auth settings.

*   \~> **Note:** Relative Paths are evaluated from the Site Root directory.

*   `requireAuthentication` - (Optional) Should the authentication flow be used for all requests.

*   `unauthenticatedAction` - (Optional) The action to take for requests made without authentication. Possible values include `redirectToLoginPage`, `allowAnonymous`, `return401`, and `return403`. Defaults to `redirectToLoginPage`.

*   `defaultProvider` - (Optional) The Default Authentication Provider to use when more than one Authentication Provider is configured and the `unauthenticatedAction` is set to `redirectToLoginPage`.

*   `excludedPaths` - (Optional) The paths which should be excluded from the `unauthenticatedAction` when it is set to `redirectToLoginPage`.

*   `requireHttps` - (Optional) Should HTTPS be required on connections? Defaults to `true`.

*   `httpRouteApiPrefix` - (Optional) The prefix that should precede all the authentication and authorisation paths. Defaults to `/Auth`.

*   `forwardProxyConvention` - (Optional) The convention used to determine the url of the request made. Possible values include `forwardProxyConventionNoProxy`, `forwardProxyConventionStandard`, `forwardProxyConventionCustom`. Defaults to `forwardProxyConventionNoProxy`.

*   `forwardProxyCustomHostHeaderName` - (Optional) The name of the custom header containing the host of the request.

*   `forwardProxyCustomSchemeHeaderName` - (Optional) The name of the custom header containing the scheme of the request.

*   `appleV2` - (Optional) An `appleV2` block as defined below.

*   `activeDirectoryV2` - (Optional) An `activeDirectoryV2` block as defined below.

*   `azureStaticWebAppV2` - (Optional) An `azureStaticWebAppV2` block as defined below.

*   `customOidcV2` - (Optional) Zero or more `customOidcV2` blocks as defined below.

*   `facebookV2` - (Optional) A `facebookV2` block as defined below.

*   `githubV2` - (Optional) A `githubV2` block as defined below.

*   `googleV2` - (Optional) A `googleV2` block as defined below.

*   `microsoftV2` - (Optional) A `microsoftV2` block as defined below.

*   `twitterV2` - (Optional) A `twitterV2` block as defined below.

*   `login` - (Optional) A `login` block as defined below.

***

An `appleV2` block supports the following:

*   `clientId` - (Required) The OpenID Connect Client ID for the Apple web application.

*   `clientSecretSettingName` - (Required) The app setting name that contains the `clientSecret` value used for Apple Login.

!> **NOTE:** A setting with this name must exist in `appSettings` to function correctly.

* `loginScopes` - A list of Login Scopes provided by this Authentication Provider.

\~> **NOTE:** This is configured on the Authentication Provider side and is Read Only here.

***

An `activeDirectoryV2` block supports the following:

*   `clientId` - (Required) The ID of the Client to use to authenticate with Azure Active Directory.

*   `tenantAuthEndpoint` - (Required) The Azure Tenant Endpoint for the Authenticating Tenant. e.g. `https://loginMicrosoftonlineCom/v20/{tenantGuid}/`

*   `clientSecretSettingName` - (Optional) The App Setting name that contains the client secret of the Client.

!> **NOTE:** A setting with this name must exist in `appSettings` to function correctly.

* `clientSecretCertificateThumbprint` - (Optional) The thumbprint of the certificate used for signing purposes.

\~> **NOTE:** One of `clientSecretSettingName` or `clientSecretCertificateThumbprint` must be specified.

*   `jwtAllowedGroups` - (Optional) A list of Allowed Groups in the JWT Claim.

*   `jwtAllowedClientApplications` - (Optional) A list of Allowed Client Applications in the JWT Claim.

*   `wwwAuthenticationDisabled` - (Optional) Should the www-authenticate provider should be omitted from the request? Defaults to `false`

*   `allowedGroups` - (Optional) The list of allowed Group Names for the Default Authorisation Policy.

*   `allowedIdentities` - (Optional) The list of allowed Identities for the Default Authorisation Policy.

*   `allowedApplications` - (Optional) The list of allowed Applications for the Default Authorisation Policy.

*   `loginParameters` - (Optional) A map of key-value pairs to send to the Authorisation Endpoint when a user logs in.

*   `allowedAudiences` - (Optional) Specifies a list of Allowed audience values to consider when validating JWTs issued by Azure Active Directory.

\~> **NOTE:** This is configured on the Authentication Provider side and is Read Only here.

***

An `azureStaticWebAppV2` block supports the following:

* `clientId` - (Required) The ID of the Client to use to authenticate with Azure Static Web App Authentication.

***

A `customOidcV2` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Custom OIDC Authentication Provider.

\~> **NOTE:** An `appSetting` matching this value in upper case with the suffix of `providerAuthenticationSecret` is required. e.g. `myoidcProviderAuthenticationSecret` for a value of `myoidc`.

*   `clientId` - (Required) The ID of the Client to use to authenticate with the Custom OIDC.

*   `openidConfigurationEndpoint` - (Required) The app setting name that contains the `clientSecret` value used for the Custom OIDC Login.

*   `nameClaimType` - (Optional) The name of the claim that contains the users name.

*   `scopes` - (Optional) The list of the scopes that should be requested while authenticating.

*   `clientCredentialMethod` - The Client Credential Method used.

*   `clientSecretSettingName` - The App Setting name that contains the secret for this Custom OIDC Client. This is generated from `name` above and suffixed with `providerAuthenticationSecret`.

*   `authorisationEndpoint` - The endpoint to make the Authorisation Request as supplied by `openidConfigurationEndpoint` response.

*   `tokenEndpoint` - The endpoint used to request a Token as supplied by `openidConfigurationEndpoint` response.

*   `issuerEndpoint` - The endpoint that issued the Token as supplied by `openidConfigurationEndpoint` response.

*   `certificationUri` - The endpoint that provides the keys necessary to validate the token as supplied by `openidConfigurationEndpoint` response.

***

A `facebookV2` block supports the following:

*   `appId` - (Required) The App ID of the Facebook app used for login.

*   `appSecretSettingName` - (Required) The app setting name that contains the `appSecret` value used for Facebook Login.

!> **NOTE:** A setting with this name must exist in `appSettings` to function correctly.

*   `graphApiVersion` - (Optional) The version of the Facebook API to be used while logging in.

*   `loginScopes` - (Optional) The list of scopes that should be requested as part of Facebook Login authentication.

***

A `githubV2` block supports the following:

*   `clientId` - (Required) The ID of the GitHub app used for login..

*   `clientSecretSettingName` - (Required) The app setting name that contains the `clientSecret` value used for GitHub Login.

!> **NOTE:** A setting with this name must exist in `appSettings` to function correctly.

* `loginScopes` - (Optional) The list of OAuth 2.0 scopes that should be requested as part of GitHub Login authentication.

***

A `googleV2` block supports the following:

*   `clientId` - (Required) The OpenID Connect Client ID for the Google web application.

*   `clientSecretSettingName` - (Required) The app setting name that contains the `clientSecret` value used for Google Login.

!> **NOTE:** A setting with this name must exist in `appSettings` to function correctly.

*   `allowedAudiences` - (Optional) Specifies a list of Allowed Audiences that should be requested as part of Google Sign-In authentication.

*   `loginScopes` - (Optional) The list of OAuth 2.0 scopes that should be requested as part of Google Sign-In authentication.

***

A `microsoftV2` block supports the following:

*   `clientId` - (Required) The OAuth 2.0 client ID that was created for the app used for authentication.

*   `clientSecretSettingName` - (Required) The app setting name containing the OAuth 2.0 client secret that was created for the app used for authentication.

!> **NOTE:** A setting with this name must exist in `appSettings` to function correctly.

*   `allowedAudiences` - (Optional) Specifies a list of Allowed Audiences that will be requested as part of Microsoft Sign-In authentication.

*   `loginScopes` - (Optional) The list of Login scopes that should be requested as part of Microsoft Account authentication.

***

A `twitterV2` block supports the following:

*   `consumerKey` - (Required) The OAuth 1.0a consumer key of the Twitter application used for sign-in.

*   `consumerSecretSettingName` - (Required) The app setting name that contains the OAuth 1.0a consumer secret of the Twitter application used for sign-in.

!> **NOTE:** A setting with this name must exist in `appSettings` to function correctly.

***

A `login` block supports the following:

*   `logoutEndpoint` - (Optional) The endpoint to which logout requests should be made.

*   `tokenStoreEnabled` - (Optional) Should the Token Store configuration Enabled. Defaults to `false`

*   `tokenRefreshExtensionTime` - (Optional) The number of hours after session token expiration that a session token can be used to call the token refresh API. Defaults to `72` hours.

*   `tokenStorePath` - (Optional) The directory path in the App Filesystem in which the tokens will be stored.

*   `tokenStoreSasSettingName` - (Optional) The name of the app setting which contains the SAS URL of the blob storage containing the tokens.

*   `preserveUrlFragmentsForLogins` - (Optional) Should the fragments from the request be preserved after the login request is made. Defaults to `false`.

*   `allowedExternalRedirectUrls` - (Optional) External URLs that can be redirected to as part of logging in or logging out of the app. This is an advanced setting typically only needed by Windows Store application backends.

*   \~> **Note:** URLs within the current domain are always implicitly allowed.

*   `cookieExpirationConvention` - (Optional) The method by which cookies expire. Possible values include: `fixedTime`, and `identityProviderDerived`. Defaults to `fixedTime`.

*   `cookieExpirationTime` - (Optional) The time after the request is made when the session cookie should expire. Defaults to `08:00:00`.

*   `validateNonce` - (Optional) Should the nonce be validated while completing the login flow. Defaults to `true`.

*   `nonceExpirationTime` - (Optional) The time after the request is made when the nonce should expire. Defaults to `00:05:00`.

***

A `autoHealSetting` block supports the following:

*   `action` - (Required) A `action` block as defined above.

*   `trigger` - (Required) A `trigger` block as defined below.

***

A `azureBlobStorage` block supports the following:

*   `level` - (Required) The level at which to log. Possible values include `error`, `warning`, `information`, `verbose` and `off`. **NOTE:** this field is not available for `httpLogs`

*   `retentionInDays` - (Required) The time in days after which to remove blobs. A value of `0` means no retention.

*   `sasUrl` - (Required) SAS url to an Azure blob container with read/write/list/delete permissions.

***

A `backup` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Backup.

*   `schedule` - (Required) A `schedule` block as defined below.

*   `storageAccountUrl` - (Required) The SAS URL to the container.

*   `enabled` - (Optional) Should this backup job be enabled? Defaults to `true`.

***

A `connectionString` block supports the following:

*   `name` - (Required) The name of the connection String.

*   `type` - (Required) Type of database. Possible values include: `apiHub`, `custom`, `docDb`, `eventHub`, `mySql`, `notificationHub`, `postgreSql`, `redisCache`, `serviceBus`, `sqlAzure`, and `sqlServer`.

*   `value` - (Required) The connection string value.

***

A `cors` block supports the following:

*   `allowedOrigins` - (Required) Specifies a list of origins that should be allowed to make cross-origin calls.

*   `supportCredentials` - (Optional) Whether CORS requests with credentials are allowed. Defaults to `false`

***

A `customAction` block supports the following:

*   `executable` - (Required) The executable to run for the `customAction`.

*   `parameters` - (Optional) The parameters to pass to the specified `executable`.

***

A `facebook` block supports the following:

*   `appId` - (Required) The App ID of the Facebook app used for login.

*   `appSecret` - (Optional) The App Secret of the Facebook app used for Facebook login. Cannot be specified with `appSecretSettingName`.

*   `appSecretSettingName` - (Optional) The app setting name that contains the `appSecret` value used for Facebook login. Cannot be specified with `appSecret`.

*   `oauthScopes` - (Optional) Specifies a list of OAuth 2.0 scopes to be requested as part of Facebook login authentication.

***

A `fileSystem` block supports the following:

*   `retentionInDays` - (Required) The retention period in days. A values of `0` means no retention.

*   `retentionInMb` - (Required) The maximum size in megabytes that log files can use.

***

A `github` block supports the following:

*   `clientId` - (Required) The ID of the GitHub app used for login.

*   `clientSecret` - (Optional) The Client Secret of the GitHub app used for GitHub login. Cannot be specified with `clientSecretSettingName`.

*   `clientSecretSettingName` - (Optional) The app setting name that contains the `clientSecret` value used for GitHub login. Cannot be specified with `clientSecret`.

*   `oauthScopes` - (Optional) Specifies a list of OAuth 2.0 scopes that will be requested as part of GitHub login authentication.

***

A `google` block supports the following:

*   `clientId` - (Required) The OpenID Connect Client ID for the Google web application.

*   `clientSecret` - (Optional) The client secret associated with the Google web application. Cannot be specified with `clientSecretSettingName`.

*   `clientSecretSettingName` - (Optional) The app setting name that contains the `clientSecret` value used for Google login. Cannot be specified with `clientSecret`.

*   `oauthScopes` - (Optional) Specifies a list of OAuth 2.0 scopes that will be requested as part of Google Sign-In authentication. If not specified, `openid`, `profile`, and `email` are used as default scopes.

***

A `headers` block supports the following:

\~> **NOTE:** Please see the [official Azure Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/app-service-ip-restrictions#filter-by-http-header) for details on using header filtering.

*   `xAzureFdid` - (Optional) Specifies a list of Azure Front Door IDs.

*   `xFdHealthProbe` - (Optional) Specifies if a Front Door Health Probe should be expected. The only possible value is `1`.

*   `xForwardedFor` - (Optional) Specifies a list of addresses for which matching should be applied. Omitting this value means allow any.

*   `xForwardedHost` - (Optional) Specifies a list of Hosts for which matching should be applied.

***

A `httpLogs` block supports the following:

*   `azureBlobStorage` - (Optional) A `azureBlobStorageHttp` block as defined above.

*   `fileSystem` - (Optional) A `fileSystem` block as defined above.

***

An `azureBlobStorageHttp` block supports the following:

*   `retentionInDays` - (Optional) The time in days after which to remove blobs. A value of `0` means no retention.

*   `sasUrl` - (Required) SAS url to an Azure blob container with read/write/list/delete permissions.

***

An `identity` block supports the following:

*   `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this Windows Web App Slot. Possible values are `systemAssigned`, `userAssigned`, `systemAssigned,UserAssigned` (to enable both).

*   `identityIds` - (Optional) A list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this Windows Web App Slot.

\~> **NOTE:** This is required when `type` is set to `userAssigned` or `systemAssigned,UserAssigned`.

***

A `ipRestriction` block supports the following:

*   `action` - (Optional) The action to take. Possible values are `allow` or `deny`.

*   `headers` - (Optional) A `headers` block as defined above.

*   `ipAddress` - (Optional) The CIDR notation of the IP or IP Range to match. For example: `10000/24` or `192168101/32`

*   `name` - (Optional) The name which should be used for this `ipRestriction`.

*   `priority` - (Optional) The priority value of this `ipRestriction`. Defaults to `65000`.

*   `serviceTag` - (Optional) The Service Tag used for this IP Restriction.

*   `virtualNetworkSubnetId` - (Optional) The Virtual Network Subnet ID used for this IP Restriction.

\~> **NOTE:** One and only one of `ipAddress`, `serviceTag` or `virtualNetworkSubnetId` must be specified.

***

A `logs` block supports the following:

*   `applicationLogs` - (Optional) A `applicationLogs` block as defined above.

*   `detailedErrorMessages` - (Optional) Should detailed error messages be enabled.

*   `failedRequestTracing` - (Optional) Should failed request tracing be enabled.

*   `httpLogs` - (Optional) An `httpLogs` block as defined above.

***

A `microsoft` block supports the following:

*   `clientId` - (Required) The OAuth 2.0 client ID that was created for the app used for authentication.

*   `clientSecret` - (Optional) The OAuth 2.0 client secret that was created for the app used for authentication. Cannot be specified with `clientSecretSettingName`.

*   `clientSecretSettingName` - (Optional) The app setting name containing the OAuth 2.0 client secret that was created for the app used for authentication. Cannot be specified with `clientSecret`.

*   `oauthScopes` - (Optional) Specifies a list of OAuth 2.0 scopes that will be requested as part of Microsoft Account authentication. If not specified, "wl.basic" is used as the default scope.

***

A `requests` block supports the following:

*   `count` - (Required) The number of requests in the specified `interval` to trigger this rule.

*   `interval` - (Required) The interval in `hh:mm:ss`.

***

A `schedule` block supports the following:

* `frequencyInterval` - (Required) How often the backup should be executed (e.g. for weekly backup, this should be set to `7` and `frequencyUnit` should be set to `day`).

\~> **NOTE:** Not all intervals are supported on all Windows Web App SKUs. Please refer to the official documentation for appropriate values.

*   `frequencyUnit` - (Required) The unit of time for how often the backup should take place. Possible values include: `day`, `hour`

*   `keepAtLeastOneBackup` - (Optional) Should the service keep at least one backup, regardless of age of backup. Defaults to `false`.

*   `retentionPeriodDays` - (Optional) After how many days backups should be deleted. Defaults to `30`.

*   `startTime` - (Optional) When the schedule should start working in RFC-3339 format.

***

A `scmIpRestriction` block supports the following:

*   `action` - (Optional) The action to take. Possible values are `allow` or `deny`.

*   `headers` - (Optional) A `headers` block as defined above.

*   `ipAddress` - (Optional) The CIDR notation of the IP or IP Range to match. For example: `10000/24` or `192168101/32`

*   `name` - (Optional) The name which should be used for this `ipRestriction`.

*   `priority` - (Optional) The priority value of this `ipRestriction`. Defaults to `65000`.

*   `serviceTag` - (Optional) The Service Tag used for this IP Restriction.

*   `virtualNetworkSubnetId` - (Optional) The Virtual Network Subnet ID used for this IP Restriction.

\~> **NOTE:** One and only one of `ipAddress`, `serviceTag` or `virtualNetworkSubnetId` must be specified.

***

A `siteConfig` block supports the following:

*   `alwaysOn` - (Optional) If this Windows Web App Slot is Always On enabled. Defaults to `true`.

*   `apiManagementApiId` - (Optional) The API Management API ID this Windows Web App Slot os associated with.

*   `apiDefinitionUrl` - (Optional) The URL to the API Definition for this Windows Web App Slot.

*   `appCommandLine` - (Optional) The App command line to launch.

*   `applicationStack` - (Optional) A `applicationStack` block as defined above.

*   `autoHealEnabled` - (Optional) Should Auto heal rules be enabled. Required with `autoHealSetting`.

*   `autoHealSetting` - (Optional) A `autoHealSetting` block as defined above. Required with `autoHeal`.

*   `autoSwapSlotName` - (Optional) The Windows Web App Slot Name to automatically swap to when deployment to that slot is successfully completed.

\~> **Note:** This must be a valid slot name on the target Windows Web App Slot.

*   `containerRegistryManagedIdentityClientId` - (Optional) The Client ID of the Managed Service Identity to use for connections to the Azure Container Registry.

*   `containerRegistryUseManagedIdentity` - (Optional) Should connections for Azure Container Registry use Managed Identity.

*   `cors` - (Optional) A `cors` block as defined above.

*   `defaultDocuments` - (Optional) Specifies a list of Default Documents for the Windows Web App Slot.

*   `ftpsState` - (Optional) The State of FTP / FTPS service. Possible values include: `allAllowed`, `ftpsOnly`, `disabled`.

\~> **NOTE:** Azure defaults this value to `allAllowed`, however, in the interests of security Terraform will default this to `disabled` to ensure the user makes a conscious choice to enable it.

*   `healthCheckPath` - (Optional) The path to the Health Check.

*   `healthCheckEvictionTimeInMin` - (Optional) The amount of time in minutes that a node can be unhealthy before being removed from the load balancer. Possible values are between `2` and `10`. Only valid in conjunction with `healthCheckPath`.

*   `http2Enabled` - (Optional) Should the HTTP2 be enabled?

*   `ipRestriction` - (Optional) One or more `ipRestriction` blocks as defined above.

*   `loadBalancingMode` - (Optional) The Site load balancing. Possible values include: `weightedRoundRobin`, `leastRequests`, `leastResponseTime`, `weightedTotalTraffic`, `requestHash`, `perSiteRoundRobin`. Defaults to `leastRequests` if omitted.

*   `localMysqlEnabled` - (Optional) Use Local MySQL. Defaults to `false`.

*   `managedPipelineMode` - (Optional) Managed pipeline mode. Possible values include: `integrated`, `classic`.

*   `minimumTlsVersion` - (Optional) The configures the minimum version of TLS required for SSL requests. Possible values include: `10`, `11`, and `12`. Defaults to `12`.

*   `remoteDebuggingEnabled` - (Optional) Should Remote Debugging be enabled. Defaults to `false`.

*   `remoteDebuggingVersion` - (Optional) The Remote Debugging Version. Possible values include `vs2017` and `vs2019`

*   `scmIpRestriction` - (Optional) One or more `scmIpRestriction` blocks as defined above.

*   `scmMinimumTlsVersion` - (Optional) The configures the minimum version of TLS required for SSL requests to the SCM site Possible values include: `10`, `11`, and `12`. Defaults to `12`.

*   `scmUseMainIpRestriction` - (Optional) Should the Windows Web App Slot `ipRestriction` configuration be used for the SCM also.

*   `use32BitWorker` - (Optional) Should the Windows Web App Slotuse a 32-bit worker. Defaults to `true`.

*   `virtualApplication` - (Optional) One or more `virtualApplication` blocks as defined below.

*   `vnetRouteAllEnabled` - (Optional) Should all outbound traffic to have NAT Gateways, Network Security Groups and User Defined Routes applied? Defaults to `false`.

*   `websocketsEnabled` - (Optional) Should Web Sockets be enabled. Defaults to `false`.

*   `workerCount` - (Optional) The number of Workers for this Windows App Service Slot.

***

A `slowRequest` block supports the following:

*   `count` - (Required) The number of Slow Requests in the time `interval` to trigger this rule.

*   `interval` - (Required) The time interval in the form `hh:mm:ss`.

*   `timeTaken` - (Required) The threshold of time passed to qualify as a Slow Request in `hh:mm:ss`.

*   `path` - (Optional) The path for which this slow request rule applies.

***

A `statusCode` block supports the following:

*   `count` - (Required) The number of occurrences of the defined `statusCode` in the specified `interval` on which to trigger this rule.

*   `interval` - (Required) The time interval in the form `hh:mm:ss`.

*   `statusCodeRange` - (Required) The status code for this rule, accepts single status codes and status code ranges. e.g. `500` or `400499`. Possible values are integers between `101` and `599`

*   `path` - (Optional) The path to which this rule status code applies.

*   `subStatus` - (Optional) The Request Sub Status of the Status Code.

*   `win32Status` - (Optional) The Win32 Status Code of the Request.

***

A `storageAccount` block supports the following:

*   `accessKey` - (Required) The Access key for the storage account.

*   `accountName` - (Required) The Name of the Storage Account.

*   `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Storage Account.

*   `shareName` - (Required) The Name of the File Share or Container Name for Blob storage.

*   `type` - (Required) The Azure Storage Type. Possible values include `azureFiles` and `azureBlob`

*   `mountPath` - (Optional) The path at which to mount the storage share.

***

A `trigger` block supports the following:

*   `privateMemoryKb` - (Optional) The amount of Private Memory to be consumed for this rule to trigger. Possible values are between `102400` and `13631488`.

*   `requests` - (Optional) A `requests` block as defined above.

*   `slowRequest` - (Optional) One or more `slowRequest` blocks as defined above.

*   `statusCode` - (Optional) One or more `statusCode` blocks as defined above.

***

A `twitter` block supports the following:

*   `consumerKey` - (Required) The OAuth 1.0a consumer key of the Twitter application used for sign-in.

*   `consumerSecret` - (Optional) The OAuth 1.0a consumer secret of the Twitter application used for sign-in. Cannot be specified with `consumerSecretSettingName`.

*   `consumerSecretSettingName` - (Optional) The app setting name that contains the OAuth 1.0a consumer secret of the Twitter application used for sign-in. Cannot be specified with `consumerSecret`.

***

A `virtualApplication` block supports the following:

*   `physicalPath` - (Required) The physical path for the Virtual Application.

*   `preload` - (Required) Should pre-loading be enabled.

*   `virtualDirectory` - (Optional) One or more `virtualDirectory` blocks as defined below.

*   `virtualPath` - (Required) The Virtual Path for the Virtual Application.

***

A `virtualDirectory` block supports the following:

*   `physicalPath` - (Optional) The physical path for the Virtual Application.

*   `virtualPath` - (Optional) The Virtual Path for the Virtual Application.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

*   `id` - The ID of the Windows Web App Slot.

*   `customDomainVerificationId` - The identifier used by App Service to perform domain ownership verification via DNS TXT record.

*   `defaultHostname` - The default hostname of the Windows Web App Slot.

*   `identity` - An `identity` block as defined below.

*   `kind` - The Kind value for this Windows Web App Slot.

*   `outboundIpAddressList` - A list of outbound IP addresses - such as `["5223253", "521434312"]`

*   `outboundIpAddresses` - A comma separated list of outbound IP addresses - such as `5223253,521434312`.

*   `possibleOutboundIpAddressList` - A `possibleOutboundIpAddressList` block as defined below.

*   `possibleOutboundIpAddresses` - A comma separated list of outbound IP addresses - such as `5223253,521434312,521434317` - not all of which are necessarily in use. Superset of `outboundIpAddresses`.

*   `siteCredential` - A `siteCredential` block as defined below.

***

An `identity` block exports the following:

*   `principalId` - The Principal ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

*   `tenantId` - The Tenant ID associated with this Managed Service Identity.

***

A `siteCredential` block exports the following:

*   `name` - The Site Credentials Username used for publishing.

*   `password` - The Site Credentials Password used for publishing.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Windows Web App Slot.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Windows Web App Slot.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Windows Web App Slot.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Windows Web App Slot.

## Import

Windows Web Apps can be imported using the `resourceId`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_windows_web_app_slot.example /subscriptions/12345678-1234-9876-4563-123456789012/resourceGroups/resGroup1/providers/Microsoft.Web/sites/site1/slots/slot1
```
