---
subcategory: "API Gateway"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_api_gateway_domain_name"
description: |-
 Get information on a custom domain name for use with AWS API Gateway.
---

# Data Source: aws\_api\_gateway\_domain\_name

Use this data source to get the custom domain name for use with AWS API Gateway.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsApiGatewayDomainName.DataAwsApiGatewayDomainName(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    domainName: "api.example.com",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

* `domainName` - (Required) Fully-qualified domain name to look up. If no domain name is found, an error will be returned.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - ARN of the found custom domain name.
* `certificateArn` - ARN for an AWS-managed certificate that is used by edge-optimized endpoint for this domain name.
* `certificateName` - Name of the certificate that is used by edge-optimized endpoint for this domain name.
* `certificateUploadDate` - Upload date associated with the domain certificate.
* `cloudfrontDomainName` - Hostname created by Cloudfront to represent the distribution that implements this domain name mapping.
* `cloudfrontZoneId` - For convenience, the hosted zone ID (`z2Fdtndataqyw2`) that can be used to create a Route53 alias record for the distribution.
* `endpointConfiguration` - List of objects with the endpoint configuration of this domain name.
  * `types` - List of endpoint types.
* `regionalCertificateArn` - ARN for an AWS-managed certificate that is used for validating the regional domain name.
* `regionalCertificateName` - User-friendly name of the certificate that is used by regional endpoint for this domain name.
* `regionalDomainName` - Hostname for the custom domain's regional endpoint.
* `regionalZoneId` - Hosted zone ID that can be used to create a Route53 alias record for the regional endpoint.
* `securityPolicy` - Security policy for the domain name.
* `tags` - Key-value map of tags for the resource.
