---
subcategory: "CE (Cost Explorer)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ce_tags"
description: |-
  Provides details about a specific CE Tags
---

# Resource: aws\_ce\_tags

Provides details about a specific CE Tags.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsCeTags.DataAwsCeTags(this, "test", {
  timePeriod: {
    end: "2022-12-01",
    start: "2021-01-01",
  },
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `timePeriod` - (Required) Configuration block for the start and end dates for retrieving the dimension values.

The following arguments are optional:

* `filter` - (Optional) Configuration block for the `expression` object used to categorize costs. See below.
* `searchString` - (Optional) Value that you want to search for.
* `sortBy` - (Optional) Configuration block for the value by which you want to sort the data. See below.
* `tagKey` - (Optional) Key of the tag that you want to return values for.

### `timePeriod`

* `start` - (Required) End of the time period.
* `end` - (Required) Beginning of the time period.

### `filter`

* `and` - (Optional) Return results that match both `dimension` objects.
* `costCategory` - (Optional) Configuration block for the filter that's based on `costCategory` values. See below.
* `dimension` - (Optional) Configuration block for the specific `dimension` to use for `expression`. See below.
* `not` - (Optional) Return results that match both `dimension` object.
* `or` - (Optional) Return results that match both `dimension` object.
* `tag` - (Optional) Configuration block for the specific `tag` to use for `expression`. See below.

### `costCategory`

* `key` - (Optional) Unique name of the Cost Category.
* `matchOptions` - (Optional) Match options that you can use to filter your results. MatchOptions is only applicable for actions related to cost category. The default values for MatchOptions is `equals` and `caseSensitive`. Valid values are: `equals`,  `absent`, `startsWith`, `endsWith`, `contains`, `caseSensitive`, `caseInsensitive`.
* `values` - (Optional) Specific value of the Cost Category.

### `dimension`

* `key` - (Optional) Unique name of the Cost Category.
* `matchOptions` - (Optional) Match options that you can use to filter your results. MatchOptions is only applicable for actions related to cost category. The default values for MatchOptions is `equals` and `caseSensitive`. Valid values are: `equals`,  `absent`, `startsWith`, `endsWith`, `contains`, `caseSensitive`, `caseInsensitive`.
* `values` - (Optional) Specific value of the Cost Category.

### `tag`

* `key` - (Optional) Key for the tag.
* `matchOptions` - (Optional) Match options that you can use to filter your results. MatchOptions is only applicable for actions related to cost category. The default values for MatchOptions is `equals` and `caseSensitive`. Valid values are: `equals`,  `absent`, `startsWith`, `endsWith`, `contains`, `caseSensitive`, `caseInsensitive`.
* `values` - (Optional) Specific value of the Cost Category.

### `sortBy`

* `key` - (Required) key that's used to sort the data. Valid values are: `blendedCost`,  `unblendedCost`, `amortizedCost`, `netAmortizedCost`, `netUnblendedCost`, `usageQuantity`, `normalizedUsageAmount`.
* `sortOrder` - (Optional) order that's used to sort the data. Valid values are: `ascending`,  `descending`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Unique ID of the tag.
* `tags` - Tags that match your request.
