---
subcategory: "EBS (EC2)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ebs_snapshot"
description: |-
  Get information on an EBS Snapshot.
---

# Data Source: aws\_ebs\_snapshot

Use this data source to get information about an EBS Snapshot for use when provisioning EBS Volumes

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsEbsSnapshot.DataAwsEbsSnapshot(this, "ebs_volume", {
  filter: [
    {
      name: "volume-size",
      values: ["40"],
    },
    {
      name: "tag:Name",
      values: ["Example"],
    },
  ],
  mostRecent: true,
  owners: ["self"],
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

*   `mostRecent` - (Optional) If more than one result is returned, use the most recent snapshot.

*   `owners` - (Optional) Returns the snapshots owned by the specified owner id. Multiple owners can be specified.

*   `snapshotIds` - (Optional) Returns information on a specific snapshot\_id.

*   `restorableByUserIds` - (Optional) One or more AWS accounts IDs that can create volumes from the snapshot.

*   `filter` - (Optional) One or more name/value pairs to filter off of. There are
    several valid keys, for a full reference, check out
    [describe-snapshots in the AWS CLI reference][1].

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - ARN of the EBS Snapshot.
* `id` - Snapshot ID (e.g., snap-59fcb34e).
* `snapshotId` - Snapshot ID (e.g., snap-59fcb34e).
* `description` - Description for the snapshot
* `ownerId` - AWS account ID of the EBS snapshot owner.
* `ownerAlias` - Value from an Amazon-maintained list (`amazon`, `awsMarketplace`, `microsoft`) of snapshot owners.
* `volumeId` - Volume ID (e.g., vol-59fcb34e).
* `encrypted` - Whether the snapshot is encrypted.
* `volumeSize` - Size of the drive in GiBs.
* `kmsKeyId` - ARN for the KMS encryption key.
* `dataEncryptionKeyId` - The data encryption key identifier for the snapshot.
* `state` - Snapshot state.
* `storageTier` - Storage tier in which the snapshot is stored.
* `outpostArn` - ARN of the Outpost on which the snapshot is stored.
* `tags` - Map of tags for the resource.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `read` - (Default `20M`)

[1]: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/ec2/describe-snapshots.html
