---
subcategory: "SSO Identity Store"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_identitystore_group"
description: |-
  Get information on an Identity Store Group
---

# Data Source: aws\_identitystore\_group

Use this data source to get an Identity Store Group.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
const dataAwsSsoadminInstancesExample =
  new aws.dataAwsSsoadminInstances.DataAwsSsoadminInstances(
    this,
    "example",
    {}
  );
const dataAwsIdentitystoreGroupExample =
  new aws.dataAwsIdentitystoreGroup.DataAwsIdentitystoreGroup(
    this,
    "example_1",
    {
      alternateIdentifier: {
        uniqueAttribute: {
          attributePath: "DisplayName",
          attributeValue: "ExampleGroup",
        },
      },
      identityStoreId: `\${tolist(${dataAwsSsoadminInstancesExample.identityStoreIds})[0]}`,
    }
  );
/*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
dataAwsIdentitystoreGroupExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "group_id", {
  value: dataAwsIdentitystoreGroupExample.groupId,
});

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `identityStoreId` - (Required) Identity Store ID associated with the Single Sign-On Instance.

The following arguments are optional:

* `alternateIdentifier` (Optional) A unique identifier for the group that is not the primary identifier. Conflicts with `groupId` and `filter`. Detailed below.
* `filter` - (Optional, **Deprecated** use the `alternateIdentifier` attribute instead) Configuration block for filtering by a unique attribute of the group. Detailed below.
* `groupId` - (Optional) The identifier for a group in the Identity Store.

\-> Exactly one of the above arguments must be provided. Passing both `filter` and `groupId` is allowed for backwards compatibility.

### `alternateIdentifier` Configuration Block

The following arguments are supported by the `alternateIdentifier` configuration block:

* `externalId` - (Optional) Configuration block for filtering by the identifier issued by an external identity provider. Detailed below.
* `uniqueAttribute` - (Optional) An entity attribute that's unique to a specific entity. Detailed below.

\-> Exactly one of the above arguments must be provided.

### `externalId` Configuration Block

The following arguments are supported by the `externalId` configuration block:

* `id` - (Required) The identifier issued to this resource by an external identity provider.
* `issuer` - (Required) The issuer for an external identifier.

### `filter` Configuration Block

\~> The `filter` configuration block has been deprecated. Use `alternateIdentifier` instead.

The following arguments are supported by the `filter` configuration block:

* `attributePath` - (Required) Attribute path that is used to specify which attribute name to search. Currently, `displayName` is the only valid attribute path.
* `attributeValue` - (Required) Value for an attribute.

### `uniqueAttribute` Configuration Block

The following arguments are supported by the `uniqueAttribute` configuration block:

* `attributePath` - (Required) Attribute path that is used to specify which attribute name to search. For example: `displayName`. Refer to the [Group data type](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/singlesignon/latest/IdentityStoreAPIReference/API_Group.html).
* `attributeValue` - (Required) Value for an attribute.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Identifier of the group in the Identity Store.
* `description` - Description of the specified group.
* `displayName` - Group's display name value.
* `externalIds` - List of identifiers issued to this resource by an external identity provider.
  * `id` - The identifier issued to this resource by an external identity provider.
  * `issuer` - The issuer for an external identifier.
