---
subcategory: "EC2 Image Builder"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_imagebuilder_image_pipeline"
description: |-
    Provides details about an Image Builder Image Pipeline
---

# Data Source: aws\_imagebuilder\_image\_pipeline

Provides details about an Image Builder Image Pipeline.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsImagebuilderImagePipeline.DataAwsImagebuilderImagePipeline(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    arn: "arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-west-2:aws:image-pipeline/example",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

* `arn` - (Required) ARN of the image pipeline.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `containerRecipeArn` - ARN of the container recipe.
* `dateCreated` - Date the image pipeline was created.
* `dateLastRun` - Date the image pipeline was last run.
* `dateNextRun` - Date the image pipeline will run next.
* `dateUpdated` - Date the image pipeline was updated.
* `description` - Description of the image pipeline.
* `distributionConfigurationArn` - ARN of the Image Builder Distribution Configuration.
* `enhancedImageMetadataEnabled` - Whether additional information about the image being created is collected.
* `imageRecipeArn` - ARN of the image recipe.
* `imageTestsConfiguration` - List of an object with image tests configuration.
  * `imageTestsEnabled` - Whether image tests are enabled.
  * `timeoutMinutes` - Number of minutes before image tests time out.
* `infrastructureConfigurationArn` - ARN of the Image Builder Infrastructure Configuration.
* `name` - Name of the image pipeline.
* `platform` - Platform of the image pipeline.
* `schedule` - List of an object with schedule settings.
  * `pipelineExecutionStartCondition` - Condition when the pipeline should trigger a new image build.
  * `scheduleExpression` - Cron expression of how often the pipeline start condition is evaluated.
* `status` - Status of the image pipeline.
* `tags` - Key-value map of resource tags for the image pipeline.
