---
subcategory: "EC2 Image Builder"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_imagebuilder_image_recipe"
description: |-
    Provides details about an Image Builder Image Recipe
---

# Data Source: aws\_imagebuilder\_image\_recipe

Provides details about an Image Builder Image Recipe.

## Example Usage

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsImagebuilderImageRecipe.DataAwsImagebuilderImageRecipe(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    arn: "arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-east-1:aws:image-recipe/example/1.0.0",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `arn` - (Required) ARN of the image recipe.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `blockDeviceMapping` - Set of objects with block device mappings for the image recipe.
  * `deviceName` - Name of the device. For example, `/dev/sda` or `/dev/xvdb`.
  * `ebs` - Single list of object with Elastic Block Storage (EBS) block device mapping settings.
    * `deleteOnTermination` - Whether to delete the volume on termination. Defaults to unset, which is the value inherited from the parent image.
    * `encrypted` - Whether to encrypt the volume. Defaults to unset, which is the value inherited from the parent image.
    * `iops` - Number of Input/Output (I/O) operations per second to provision for an `io1` or `io2` volume.
    * `kmsKeyId` - ARN of the Key Management Service (KMS) Key for encryption.
    * `snapshotId` - Identifier of the EC2 Volume Snapshot.
    * `throughput` - For GP3 volumes only. The throughput in MiB/s that the volume supports.
    * `volumeSize` - Size of the volume, in GiB.
    * `volumeType` - Type of the volume. For example, `gp2` or `io2`.
  * `noDevice` - Whether to remove a mapping from the parent image.
  * `virtualName` - Virtual device name. For example, `ephemeral0`. Instance store volumes are numbered starting from 0.
* `component` - List of objects with components for the image recipe.
  * `componentArn` - ARN of the Image Builder Component.
  * `parameter` - Set of parameters that are used to configure the component.
    * `name` - Name of the component parameter.
    * `value` - Value of the component parameter.
* `dateCreated` - Date the image recipe was created.
* `description` - Description of the image recipe.
* `name` - Name of the image recipe.
* `owner` - Owner of the image recipe.
* `parentImage` - Base image of the image recipe.
* `platform` - Platform of the image recipe.
* `tags` - Key-value map of resource tags for the image recipe.
* `userDataBase64` - Base64 encoded contents of user data. Commands or a command script to run when build instance is launched.
* `version` - Version of the image recipe.
* `workingDirectory` - Working directory used during build and test workflows.
