---
subcategory: "Route 53 Resolver"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_route53_resolver_firewall_rule_group_association"
description: |-
    Retrieves the specified firewall rule group association.
---

# Data Source: aws\_route53\_resolver\_firewall\_rule\_group\_association

`awsRoute53ResolverFirewallRuleGroupAssociation` Retrieves the specified firewall rule group association.

This data source allows to retrieve details about a specific a Route 53 Resolver DNS Firewall rule group association.

## Example Usage

The following example shows how to get a firewall rule group association from its id.

```typescript
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
new aws.dataAwsRoute53ResolverFirewallRuleGroupAssociation.DataAwsRoute53ResolverFirewallRuleGroupAssociation(
  this,
  "example",
  {
    firewallRuleGroupAssociationId: "rslvr-frgassoc-example",
  }
);

```

## Argument Reference

* `firewallRuleGroupAssociationId` - (Required) The identifier for the association.

The following attribute is additionally exported:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the firewall rule group association.
* `creationTime` - The date and time that the association was created, in Unix time format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
* `creatorRequestId` - A unique string defined by you to identify the request.
* `firewallRuleGroupId` - The unique identifier of the firewall rule group.
* `managedOwnerName` - The owner of the association, used only for associations that are not managed by you.
* `modificationTime` - The date and time that the association was last modified, in Unix time format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
* `mutationProtection` - If enabled, this setting disallows modification or removal of the association, to help prevent against accidentally altering DNS firewall protections.
* `name` - The name of the association.
* `priority` - The setting that determines the processing order of the rule group among the rule groups that are associated with a single VPC.
* `status` - The current status of the association.
* `statusMessage` - Additional information about the status of the response, if available.
* `vpcId` - The unique identifier of the VPC that is associated with the rule group.
